meta	others	ANUSHA VINODH
meta	others	No: 128, S&P Residency, III cross street
meta	others	Vanagaram, Chennai_94
meta	others	Email-anushavinodh1501@gmail.com
meta	others	Phone No: 09940 915548
meta	others	PRECIS
meta	others	· A creative professional with 7.5 years of experience in Banking & Finance
content	others	· Exhibited abilities in interacting with clients’, adjudging their requirements and working accordingly
content	others	· A keen planner and strategist with proven time management abilities
header	education	ACADEMIC CREDENTIALS
content	education	Master Of Business Administration (2011)
content	education	Allagappa University
content	education	Area of Emphasis: Corporate Finance
content	education	Bachelor Of Commerce (2007)
content	education	Lady Doak College,
content	education	Area of Emphasis: Cost and Management Accounting, Taxation
content	education	Diploma In Computer Programming
content	education	(Tally, Web designing and Multimedia)
content	education	Aptech Training on MS Office (2012)
content	education	HIGHER SECONDARY SCHOOL,Madurai (2004)
content	education	OCPM Girls higher secondary School
content	education	S.S.L.C, Madurai (2002)
content	education	OCPM Girls higher secondary School
header	experience	EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
content	experience	1. Nov ’15 – Till Date– Standard Chartered Global business services as Senior Officer
content	experience	Job Knowledge
content	experience	· Handling multi-process credit cards and investigating customer queries.
content	experience	· Have handled customer through E-alerts and M-alerts.
content	experience	· Handling queries related to other regions for quick-kill resolving.
content	experience	· Reconciling all cards types for different sites (European, East Asian, African and Middle East Countries).
content	experience	· Have experience in Automations such as Automation different (Nearly 50+) types of accounts from manual to Automated platform like Transaction Life Cycle(TLM) platform.
content	experience	· Have experience in migrating of accounts , nearly 50+ accounts has been migrated successfully in past 6 months short span of time that too in automated (TLM) platform.
content	experience	· Have experience in TLM p3 vs RPSNS platform and have skill to open account in TLM platforms, write BI logic to open an account and set lead pass to automate the transactions for matching
content	experience	· Having end to end investigation of open entries and resolve the entries before TAT.
content	experience	· Migrated accounts directly to TLM platform without manual intervention of accounts.
content	experience	· Have analytical skill of account knowledge and nature and migrated into the TLM platform directly.
content	experience	· Have experience in Credit card settlement accounts for various countries and Chargeback reconciliations.
content	experience	· Experience in reconciliation for Credit and Debit card Transactions as well as ATM settlement transactions.
content	experience	· Investigations on transactions that are outstanding and follow up with relevant departments.
content	experience	· Escalating the outstanding items to relevant team for quick resolving.
header	experience	Key Deliverables
content	experience	· Expert in process Migrations and client co-ordination
content	experience	· Expertise in MIS Reporting and people soft applications
content	experience	· Migration of new processes
content	experience	· Mentoring and Training new associates.
content	experience	· Deliver the reports before TAT
content	experience	· Meet client requirements according to their expectation and deliver before agreed SLA
header	others	Achievements
content	others	· Have received appreciations from Country Head as Spot award to migrate the new account in short span of time.
content	others	· Have received appreciations from Country Head for being resolving the outstanding items in quick span of time.0
content	others	· Received appreciation from Unit head to automate the fourteen critical manual ATM accounts to automation and decrease the cycle time.
content	others	· Have received from appreciation from management for decrease the cost and cycle timing to convert the manual process to automation
content	others	· Migrated various accounts like QR, Prepaid accounts of different currencies in short span of time and received appreciation
content	others	· Have received appreciation from SPOC with met the SLA on time inspire of abnormal number of entries which is unusual flow.
content	experience	2. Jun ’08-Dec ‘11 – Standard Chartered Scope International Pvt Ltd as Senior Officer
header	knowledge	Job Knowledge
content	knowledge	· Process knowledge of Settlements and chargeback’s
content	knowledge	· Handling multi-process credit cards and investigating customer queries.
content	knowledge	· Have handled customer through E-alerts and M-alerts.
content	knowledge	· Report MIS on time
content	knowledge	· Have experience in settlements for Credit cards for Visa and Master card settlements.
content	knowledge	· Experience in settlements’ for Credit card Transactions as well as ATM settled transactions.
content	knowledge	· Preparing Necessary entries for settlement transaction and provide vouchers for the same.
content	knowledge	· Have experience in chargeback reconciliation for India debit and credit card, and Gulf countries.
content	knowledge	· Handled gulf chargeback reconciliation around 10+ countries as single handed without any exceptions.
content	knowledge	· Handling settlement recons for Visa and master card entries.
content	knowledge	· Having experience in African countries settlement reconciliation.
header	experience	Key Deliverables
content	experience	· Expert in process Migrations and client co-ordination
content	experience	· Expertise in MIS Reporting and people soft applications
content	experience	· Migration of new processes
content	experience	· Mentoring and Training new associates.
header	others	Achievements
content	others	· Have received appreciations from Country Head as Spot award to handle multi process with in short span of time
content	others	· Have received appreciations from Country Head for being Responsive in the doing the task given within the target date.
content	others	· Awarded ‘Value Champ – Responsive & Trustworthy’ for the year 2010.
content	others	· Business Operation Transferrable (BOT) certified for migrating Kenya credit card Accounts in the year 2011
header	knowledge	STRENGTH
content	knowledge	· Exceptionally organized with great ability to work on multiple projects at once.
content	knowledge	· Deep level of analytical ability and accuracy.
content	knowledge	· Remarkable ability to work independently and complete tasks with minimal supervision.
content	knowledge	· Have capability in quick learning skills and
content	knowledge	· Excellent interpersonal and organization skills.
content	knowledge	· Exceptional flexibility and ability to work independently and in a team.
header	others	I hear by declared all the above information are true up to my knowledge
content	others	Yours faithfully
content	others	Anusha Vinodh
