meta	others	C
meta	others	P LOKESH
meta	others	E-mail: plokesh58@gmail.com Contact No: 9989701011
header	experience	Career Profile
content	experience	To build a great and successful career in accounts and financial domain, by utilizing my
content	experience	Experience and skills and effectively contribute to the success of employer organization.
header	experience	Work Experience
content	experience	5.8 Years’ Experience in Accounting and finance.
content	experience	CARGILL INDIA PVT LTD. PERIOD: May-2017 to Still
content	experience	DESIGNATION: Senior associate
content	experience	Roles and responsibilities
content	experience	JOB PROFILE:-R2R
header	experience	Monthly Activities
content	experience	· Creation of WBS element number.
content	experience	· Project Closing
content	experience	· CJI3 Report corrections and posting Journal entry.
content	experience	· CAMS Job Closing
header	experience	Reconciliation
content	experience	· Preparation of Balance sheet reconciliation report.
header	experience	Month end activates:
content	experience	· RTR Monitoring
content	experience	· Preparation of SAP Reclass journals and posting in JDE.
content	experience	· Preparation of AP sub ledger Accruals and posting
content	experience	· Balances updating in Arena.
content	experience	· Preparing SAP and JDE Trail balance reports and sending to BU.
content	experience	· Preparation of Construction in Progress report and sending to BU.
content	experience	· Updating the CIP balance in Clarizen tool.
content	experience	CAPGEMINI INDIA PVT LTD. PERIOD: May-2015 to April 2017
content	experience	DESIGNATION: Process associate
content	experience	Roles and responsibilities
content	experience	JOB PROFILE:-
content	experience	( Intercompany (General Ledger, Account Receivables)
header	experience	Monthly Activities:
header	experience	· Netting Performance :
content	experience	· Matching and clearing with R block removal.
content	experience	· Upload intercompany payables in the Netting tool (trezone).
content	experience	· Payables and our receivables check with counterparties.
content	experience	· Booking of unallocated entries.
content	experience	· Clearing the Netting accounts.
content	experience	· Preparing the Final netting report and sending to controllers.
header	experience	· Reconciliation :
content	experience	· Manually checking of invoices and matching our payables with receivables.
content	experience	· Updating the reason codes for all the invoices.
content	experience	· Preparing final report and sending to controllers
content	experience	· Recharges :
content	experience	· Raising of intercompany invoices and clearing the GL account.
content	experience	· Posting of Journals, received through BPO open.
content	experience	· Posting of recurring (Actual) based recharges.
content	experience	Month end activates:
content	experience	· Last IC customer and IC vendor account clearings.
content	experience	· Transferring the balances from recharge BS a/c 166500 to P&L a/c 359200.
content	experience	· Preparation of AP sub ledger Accruals and posting.
content	experience	· Retrieving and uploading AR statements in to the flow.
content	experience	· Preparation of Goods in transit accruals and posting.
header	experience	Quarter-End activities:
content	experience	· Confirmation of all cash related transactions to the locals.
content	experience	· Updating group reporting file.
content	experience	· Confirming our receivables to the counterparties via Mail.
content	experience	· Confirming our payables in to the flow.
content	experience	· Archival all the confirmed balances and confirmed balances received.
content	experience	· Preparation of Discrepancy report.
content	experience	· Preparation of reconciliation Catalogue.
content	experience	· Clearing of Aged items.
header	experience	Other activities:
content	experience	· Raising and resolving tickets through Service Now.
content	experience	· Completed the tasks within time and marking the CLOCO.
content	experience	ACCEL FRONTLINE LTD PERIOD: Aug-2014 to May-2015
content	experience	DESIGNATION: Accounts Executive
content	experience	Roles and responsibilities
content	experience	· Preparation and posting of journal entries in Oracle application
content	experience	· Responsible for General Ledger, Accounts Payable, Cash Management.
content	experience	· Verification of employee expense claims with documents
content	experience	· Ensure timely payment to employees
content	experience	· Maintaining petty cash book and Bank Book
content	experience	· Raising Ecas Voucher for all expenses
content	experience	· Preparation of BRS (Bank Reconciliation Statement)
content	experience	· Creating Invoices
content	experience	PARADIGM RECRUITMENT SOLUTIONS PVT LTD PERIOD: Jun-2013 to July-2014
content	experience	DESIGNATION: Junior Accountant
content	experience	Roles and responsibilities
content	experience	· Preparation of cash and cheque vouchers and maintenance of petty cash.
content	experience	· Preparation of Bank reconciliation on monthly basis.
content	experience	· TDS calculations and making payments through online.
content	experience	· Calculation of Service Tax, making payment through online and preparation of ST3 - Returns.
content	experience	· Preparation & Posting of Sales Invoices & Sales Returns Bill, Receipts follow up & Reconciling of Accounts Receivables.
content	experience	· Preparation of Statement of Expenses and Monthly reports (MIS).
content	experience	· Preparation of performance tracker of the employee’s weekly basis.
content	experience	· Maintenance of Attendance and pay role activities.
content	experience	· Maintenance books of accounts in Tally ERP 9.
header	education	Academic Profile
content	education	· MBA (Finance) from S.M.S.G Jain College, Bangalore. In the year of 2013.
content	education	· B.com (Computers) from Sri Venkateswara University, Tirupathi. In the year of 2011.
content	education	· Intermediate (Commerce) from Govt Jr College, B.Kothakota. In the year of 2008.
content	education	· SSC from Chaitanya High School,Bkothakota.In the year of 2006
header	knowledge	Technical Skills
content	knowledge	· SAP 6.0 FICO & Oracle Application end User.
content	knowledge	· Tally ERP 9.0
content	knowledge	· Basware 5.1.
content	knowledge	· MS-Office Applications 2008 & 2010.
content	knowledge	· Service Now
content	knowledge	· Trezone.
header	others	Rewards and recognitions.
content	others	· Recognized by the management for quick learning, commitment, appreciations from the clients.
content	others	· Received the awards from Capgemini India private Limited.
content	others	· Participated in Social related Activities In Capgemini India Private Limited.
header	others	Personal details:
header	others	DATE OF BIRTH
meta	others	: 05.06.1991
header	others	FATHERS NAME
meta	others	: Siddappa
header	knowledge	LANGUAGES KNOWN
content	knowledge	: English, Telugu & Kannada
header	others	HOBBIES
meta	others	: Playing Cricket
content	others	ADRESS FOR COMMUNICATION
content	others	: Muniswamy Reddy Buillding,
content	others	Site No.11, 13th Cross, Near Anjanaya Temple,
content	others	Garudacharapalya, Mahadevapura
content	others	Bangalore-560048.
content	others	Place: Bangalore.
header	others	Date:
content	others	(P .Lokesh)
