meta	others	VAIBHAV CHANDRAKANTBHAI SATHIYA
meta	others	M. : (+91) 9574121308
meta	others	E-Mail: vaibhavsathiya916@gmail.com
header	others	OBJECTIVE
content	others	To obtain, challenging position in different progressive work environment and to
content	others	perform best with my abilities with integrity, sincerity, team spirit, zeal to learn and to
content	others	utilize my experience and skill with dedication and commitment to be successful in the
content	others	real word of challenges.
header	experience	WORK EXPERIENCE
content	experience	Total 04 years of corporate work experience, with job areas like
content	experience	Telecommunication Service, operation, Finance & Account.
content	experience	Current Employer:
content	experience	Organization : QX Global Services LLP
content	experience	Time Period : Mar’18 to Till Date.
content	experience	Department : Finance and Account (Account Payable)
content	experience	Post Held : Account Officer
content	experience	Location : Ahmadabad (India)
header	experience	Job Description :
content	experience	• My Responsibility to identify and highlight improved ways of working through
content	experience	continuous assessment of working practice.
content	experience	• To maintain Purchase Ledger/supplier accounts for areas of responsibility to
content	experience	include the completion of Supplier Statement Reconciliations as and when required
content	experience	and the regular and timely clearance of debit/unallocated cash balances.
content	experience	• To assist with the processing of invoices and credit notes for supplier accounts in
content	experience	areas of responsibility.
content	experience	• Keep track, process and reconcile payments and expenditures, including payroll,
content	experience	purchase orders, invoices, statements, checks..etc, in compliance with financial
content	experience	policies and procedures.
content	experience	• Resolution of all invoicing queries via email/phone for supplier accounts.
content	experience	• To chase for missing invoices with the suppliers.
content	experience	• Liaising closely with the client account team in order to prepare payable reports.
content	experience	• Prepare supplier payment list for client approval.
content	experience	• Prepare the BACS payment details and control file before payments are processed.
content	experience	• Timely and accurate processing, VAT Preparations, weekly cash-flow forecasts and
content	experience	payments for client services.
content	experience	• Prepare and send remittance advice for payments made.
content	experience	• Expenses claims are processed and paid per agreed timetable.
header	experience	Previous Employer:
content	experience	Organization : VODAFONE MPESA PVT LTD.
content	experience	Time Period : July’16 to Nov‘17.
content	experience	Department : Commercial Operation-PAN India
content	experience	Post Held : Executive
content	experience	Location : Ahmadabad (India)
header	experience	Job Description :
content	experience	• My Responsibility to activate Customer, trade and Enterprise accounts by checking
content	experience	necessary Documents and check points.
content	experience	• I also flash MIS for customer, Trade and enterprise TAT, FTR and Rejection by doing
content	experience	analysis to the Corporate and circle Operation and customer Service leads.
content	experience	• Co-ordinate with Bank mobile commerce team to resolve customer queries and with
content	experience	Mpesa Finance Team for complete activation and documentation related query also
content	experience	for Merchant code, Enterprise code and SAP code creation for different type of
content	experience	Commission band.
content	experience	• Audit & final reconciliation of Trade & Enterprise agreements.
header	experience	Achievement
content	experience	• On boarding leading petrol Pumps and Gas Agencies as a merchant
content	experience	• I play significant role to achieve “Wallet of the year award 2017” for the Mpesa
content	experience	Wallet Due to fastest and accurate activation.
content	experience	• Received Lots of Appreciations from Mpesa Corporate, Operation, marketing,
content	experience	Product team for end to end resolution of queries.
content	experience	• Approximately 45,000 Accounts activated(Customer, trade & Enterprise)
content	experience	Organization : VODAFONE SHARED SERVICE INDIA PVT LTD.
content	experience	Time Period : Aug‘14 to July’16(2 -years).
content	experience	Department : M – Pesa, Customer Service Delivery
content	experience	Post Held : Officer
content	experience	Location : Ahmadabad (India)
header	experience	Job Description :
content	experience	• My Responsibility in this position to make MIS, of all over the India Registered
content	experience	Mpesa Customers. daily, Monthly and Quarterly basis and reporting to Corporate
content	experience	Officers and Stack Holders
content	experience	• Prepared PPT for Every Quarterly to give Presentation to the Manager also
content	experience	Corporate Officers.
content	experience	• I have knowledge of CRM (Customer Relationship Manager) Software and took
content	experience	Practical training in the company.
content	experience	• Also was handling Commission related activity to pay commission to the M-Pesa
content	experience	agents and resolved Technical queries, Wrong bank transfer, settlement, and
content	experience	Transaction related quires.
content	experience	Achievement : Closed 20,000 Mpesa customers’ queries through CRM.
content	experience	Organization : AFFINITY ASSOCIATES PVT LTD
content	experience	Department : Account and Finance
content	experience	Post Held : Accountant
content	experience	Location : Ahmedabad (India)
header	experience	Job Description:
content	experience	• I have worked as an U.K firm vat Return Preparation. I was responsible to prepare
content	experience	various bank reconciliation, payable, Relievable entries, Finalization of accounts and
content	experience	I am responsible for maintaining books of various restaurants.
content	experience	• Accounts payable, Accounts Receivable and Bank reconciliations
header	education	ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION
content	education	➢ I’ve completed B. Com. (Bachelor of Commerce) from Gujarat University in 2010.
header	knowledge	TECHNICAL SKILL
content	knowledge	Databases : MS Access, Excel, Word.
content	knowledge	OS : Windows XP onwards…
content	knowledge	Others : Account Software like Tally 9.0 ERP, Quick books, Sage,
content	knowledge	Yardi (Property Management software), Viztopia,
content	knowledge	SAP (FICO): Learning FICO Module of SAP.MIS, CRM,
content	knowledge	Zendex (Customer Service Software) Online Portals
content	knowledge	VAT, Excise, Service Tax, Income Tax.
header	knowledge	KEY SKILLS AND ABILITIES
content	knowledge	• Creative &self-starter, good listener, observer & organizer
content	knowledge	• Ability to work on own initiative and result oriented
content	knowledge	• Effective team worker and ready to work in any situation
content	knowledge	• Detail oriented, strong learning and organizing skills matches with ability to manage
content	knowledge	stress, time and resources effectively.
content	knowledge	• Having positive attitude
header	others	AREA OF INTEREST
meta	others	• Lead, Management
meta	others	• Education, Science & Technologies.
meta	others	PERSONAL INFORMATION
meta	others	Date of Birth : 28-01-1988
meta	others	Gender : MALE
meta	others	Marital Status : UNMARRIED
meta	others	Nationality : INDIAN
meta	others	Religion : HINDU
meta	knowledge	Language known : ENGLISH, HINDI, GUJARATI
meta	others	ADDRESS
meta	others	A/6, Badrish Row House, Nr. Shalibhadra Society,
meta	others	D-Cabin, Sabarmati, Ahmedabad-380019
header	others	DECLARATION
meta	others	I, Vaibhav Sathiya, hereby declare that all the information presented above is true to the
meta	others	best of my knowledge.
meta	others	PLACE: Ahmedabad
meta	others	DATE: VAIBHAV SATHIYA
