header	others	RESUME
meta	others	NILAY TIKADAR
meta	others	Anandabagan, P.O. – Hridaypur, Kolkata – 700127, Ph. No. – 8900487393, email-mailnilay2001@yahoo.co.in
header	others	OBJECTIVE
content	others	An organization that would allow me to develop my skills while contributing to organizational goals where I work.
header	experience	PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
content	experience	· Current Employer: Jadavpur University
content	experience	Designation: Office Assistant of Food Irradiation Project
content	experience	Duration: November 2009 – till date
content	experience	Job Description: Currently doing Statistical Analysis of the effect of gamma radiation on different foods & financial reporting of the Project
content	experience	· Previous Employer: Sharma Engineering
content	experience	Designation: Junior Assistant
content	experience	Duration: December 2005 – October 2009
content	experience	Job Description: Financial & sales data management
header	project	PROJECT WORK DETAILS
content	experience	Jadavpur University:
content	experience	· Food Irradiation unit assisting (i) Food Processing Industries (ii) R&D in new areas of Irradiated Food and (iii) Training Centre for Food Irradiation Specially for Eastern & North-Eastern Region (November, 2009 to till date)
content	experience	Objective of the Project:
content	experience	The effects of Cobalt-60 gamma radiation on different food commodities (fruits, vegetables and fishes) with respect to different radiation doses (kGy) and storage time (months) and the nutritional aspects of irradiated foods.
content	experience	Methodology Used:
content	experience	Statistical analysis of the textural and nutritional parameters of gamma radiation on different foods by the methods of Analysis of Variance and determining the Regression coefficients of the relationship of radiation dose and change in nutritional properties.
content	experience	Tools Used:
content	knowledge	Microsoft Excel
content	experience	· GLOBALISATION PRODUCTION NETWORK AND AGGLOMERATION:A CASE STUDY OF INDIAN LEATHER INDUSTRY(April, 2011-June, 2011)
content	experience	Objective of the Project:
content	experience	Understand the production chain of the leather industry in India, and the position of Kolkata’s leather industry in such a chain.
content	experience	Methodology Used:
content	experience	Survey was done to collect data from different leather companies belonging to different scale of operation. To capture the production chain data was taken from different sources from raw material supplying companies to finished good. The sample consisted of 50 companies based on purposive sampling.
content	experience	Tools Used:
content	knowledge	Microsoft Excel
content	experience	· Supply Side Analysis of Idol Making Industry in Kolkata (November, 2004)
content	experience	Objective of the Project:
content	experience	Understand the supply side framework and major factors of production of the idol making industry in Kolkata. Also how the raw materials affect the price of product, rate of profit and employment generation related to this industry.
content	experience	Methodology Used:
content	experience	Primary data collected through market survey in Kalighat & Kumartuly on how the industry managing financial sector, labor sector and raw materials. OLS and ANOVA used for analysis.
content	experience	Tools Used:
content	knowledge	Microsoft Excel
header	education	EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS
content	education	M.A. in Economics (specialization in Econometrics) (69.78%) from Jadavpur University (2010-2012)
content	education	B.A. Economics (Hons)(50.14%) from Jadavpur University (2002-05)
content	education	Class XII, (57.9%) from Hare School, Kolkata, WBCHSE (2002).
content	education	Class X, (68.37%) from Barasat Peary Charan Sarkar Govt. High School, WBBSE (2000)
header	knowledge	STRENGTHS
content	knowledge	· Strategic Planning and Prioritization
content	knowledge	· Deployment and Integration
content	knowledge	· Communication and Presentation
content	knowledge	· Time Management
content	knowledge	· Quick Learner
content	knowledge	· Business Development
header	knowledge	OTHER COURSE
content	knowledge	· Junior Diploma in Fine Arts from SARBA BHARATIYA CHARU KALA MANDIR
content	knowledge	· Business English Certificate Preliminary from UNIVERSITY OF CAMBRIDGE
header	knowledge	COMPUTER KNOWLEDGE
content	experience	Operating Systems Known: Windows (98 – 7)
content	knowledge	Software Packages Known: Microsoft Office
header	others	SOCIAL ACTIVITIES & ACHIEVEMENTS
content	others	· Awarded State Bank of India Scholarship,2011-12
content	others	· Participated in Blood Donation Camp
content	others	· Certificate of Appreciation for participation in the 18th Sit & Draw Art Contest from Nehru Children’s Museum
header	others	PERSONAL DETAILS
meta	others	· Date of Birth
meta	others	:
meta	others	August 5, 1984
header	knowledge	· Languages Known
meta	others	:
meta	knowledge	English, Bengali, Hindi(speaking)
meta	others	· Hobbies
meta	others	:
meta	others	Cooking, Watching Movie
meta	others	PAGE
meta	others	2
