meta	others	Nityanandan Paramasivam
meta	others	43/15/2, Subramania Swamy Koil street, Saidapet
meta	others	Chennai-600015, Tamil Nadu.
meta	others	+919566148435
meta	experience	pnityanandan@gmail.com
header	others	OBJECTIVE
content	others	Succeed in a challenging work environment which serves the purpose and goals of the organization and the goals set by myself to my satisfaction.
header	experience	Professional Experience
content	experience	Groupon Shared services pvt ltd. DLF RAMAPURAM, CHENNAI
content	experience	Job Description: Customer Service Representative July 2015 – Present
content	experience	· Listen to customer queries and solve them efficiently.
content	experience	· Handle chats and email queries from customers.
content	experience	· Help trainees by assisting them with the process.
content	experience	· Learn new efficient steps and implement them in the process.
content	experience	· Deliver solutions within the particular time period and maintain SLA.
content	experience	Job Description: Client Specialist August 2017 - Present
content	experience	· Listen to merchant queries and resolve them using Salesforce as the main tool.
content	experience	· Handle emails from merchants in US, CA, UK, UAE, QC (English), ANZ.
content	experience	· Help trainees by assisting them with the process
content	experience	· Look into the financial problems of the merchant and resolve them
content	experience	· Help the merchant in editing their page on our site and help them with queries regarding customers
header	experience	Key Accomplishments:
content	experience	· Trained in multiple processes in Customer Services both email and chat (UK&IE, UAE, Singapore and Malaysia, Revenue Generation).
content	experience	· Trained in Merchant Support for all regions as mentioned above.
content	experience	· Was a part of the revenue generation pilot batch helping the organization procuring additional revenue by implementing new process steps.
content	experience	· Consistent performer and achieve all metrics without fail.
content	experience	· Generated revenue of $21.3K during a span of 17 weeks from August 2016 to December 2016.
content	experience	· Awarded for the most number of conversions.
content	experience	· Awarded the best employee of the month 8 times in a span of 24 months and always in the top tier in terms of performance.
content	experience	· Received C-SAT awards.
content	experience	· Have maintained exceptional quality throughout my time-span in the organization and have been recognized as an empowered agent.
header	project	Project:
content	project	· Member of a Six Sigma Green Belt project titled “Increase save the sale conversion rate for UK Chat support – Chennai” to increase the revenue.
content	project	· This was done as DMAIC Storyboard.
content	project	· Helped the members understand all about my process.
content	project	· Assisted in scrubbing actual information from a given data pile.
content	project	· Provided data from time motion study.
content	project	· Did reason code analysis and implemented changes in the process.
header	education	Education
content	education	TAGORE ENGINEERING COLLEGE RATHINAMANGALAM, CHENNAI
content	education	Bachelor of Engineering (Electronics and Electrical Engineering)
content	education	· Graduated with a GPA of 6.3 with the course spanning from 2010-2014.
content	education	ALPHA MATRICULATION HIGHER SECONDARY SCHOOL C.I.T NAGAR, CHENNAI
content	education	· Completed Higher Secondary in the year 2010 with 86% of excellence.
content	education	· Completed Secondary School in the year 2008 with 86% of excellence.
header	knowledge	Additional Skills
content	knowledge	· Microsoft Office, with focus on Excel.
header	others	PROFESSIONAL TRAITS
meta	others	· Ability to learn new processes and applications which helps improve the process.
meta	others	· Team player.
meta	others	· The go-to person in times of crisis.
meta	others	· Ability to train people new to the process.
meta	others	· Intellectually curious.
meta	others	· Inclined to useful action rather than speculation.
header	others	INTERESTS
meta	others	· Reading books
meta	others	· Playing the keyboard
meta	others	· Travel
header	others	DECLARATION
meta	others	I hereby declare that the above furnished information are true to the best of my knowledge.
meta	others	Place: Chennai (Nityanandan P)
