meta	others	Vishal Raghav
meta	others	Vishal Raghav
meta	others	B-78, Sector-53
meta	others	Noida – 201301, U.P.
meta	others	Mobile: +91 971 610 4226
meta	others	E-Mail: vishal.raghav@ienergizer.com
meta	others	vishal.raghav@yahoo.com
header	others	Objective:
content	others	A challenging pursuit in a reputed organization where I can utilize my skills and strengths to achieve the organization’s goal and objectives and get an opportunity to expand them.
header	experience	Profile:
content	experience	· Currently working as an Assistant Manager – Training
content	experience	· Handling the team of trainers
content	experience	· Preparing training contents likes training presentation/module, handouts, training assessment, lesson plan etc
content	experience	· Facilitate training to new hire/employees
content	experience	· Active participation in team calls, client calls, conferences and reviews
content	experience	· Ability to manage, recruit, train, motivates, and supervises team members.
header	experience	Work Experience:
content	experience	Currently working with iEnergizer IT Services Pvt. Ltd. since July’09
content	experience	Designation:
content	experience	Assistant Manager - Training
header	experience	Work Profile: -
content	experience	· Handling the team of trainers
content	experience	· Managing & leading teams for running successful process operations & implementing procedures, service standards for business excellence
content	experience	· Responsible for the designing, developing, implementing, delivery and evaluation of client specific training to meet project goals.
content	experience	· Preparing training contents likes training presentation/module, handouts, training assessment, lesson plan etc
content	experience	· Delivering training time to time (NHIT, Soft skills, system etc)
content	experience	· Active participation in team calls, client calls, conferences and reviews
content	experience	· Adherence to training plan and monitor timely and accurate report outs
content	experience	· Drive new training initiatives
content	experience	· Monitor audit compliance/SOP adherence
content	experience	· Identifying improvement areas & implementing measures to maximize customer satisfaction levels.
content	experience	· Ensuring timely TTT of trainers.
content	experience	· Managing Team functions viz. batch planning, recruitment, performance appraisal, etc
header	others	Achievements: -
content	others	· Awarded as “ Performer of the year’10” in Oct’10
content	others	· Awarded as “Ace Trainer” May’10 (2nd RnR of the process)
content	others	· Awarded as “Ace Trainer” in Mar’10 (1st RnR of the process)
content	others	· Top Scorer in Aircel TTT certification.
content	experience	Worked with Aegis Limited (A venture of an Essar Enterprise) from June’08 to May 09
content	experience	Designation:
content	experience	Team Leader
header	experience	Work Profile: -
content	experience	· Responsible for meeting SLAs as per the clients’ requirements.
content	experience	· Weekly review with Team members to discuss their achievements & mutually drawing plan to improve the weakness.
content	experience	· Analyzing daily performance reports of executives and giving them feedback.
content	experience	· Giving briefing and training to executives.
content	experience	· Weekly review meeting with Process Manager in operations parameters & planning to achieve targets for next week.
header	experience	Achievements:-
content	experience	· Awarded as “ Bond TL” for Attrition less than 5% in the month April’09
content	experience	· Awarded as “C-SAT champ” in the month of Nov’08
content	experience	Worked with SPICE BPO Services (formally known as Omnia BPO services) from
content	experience	October’07 to June ‘08
content	experience	Designation:
content	experience	Team Leader
content	experience	Work Profile: -
content	experience	· Assisting process manager in compiling the weekly, fortnightly and monthly presentations.
content	experience	· Preparing roster on weekly basis.
content	experience	· Making daily MIS and releasing to external & internal clients.
content	experience	· Providing assistance to Process Manager in meeting the process & internal SLA on daily & monthly basis.
content	experience	· Weekly meeting with Team members to discuss their achievements & mutually drawing plan to improve the weakness.
content	experience	· Weekly review meeting with Process Manager in operations parameters & planning to achieve targets for next week.
content	experience	· Analyzing the new requirements in training & quality & forwarding it to Process Manager for approval & implementation.
header	experience	Achievements: -
content	experience	· Scored highest points in Stack ranking in Jan’08
content	experience	· Scored highest marks in Team leader monthly certification in April’08
content	experience	Worked with Bharti Airtel Limited from March’06 to October’07
content	experience	Designation:
content	experience	Floor Support – Officer (SME)
header	experience	Work Profile: -
content	experience	Joined as Customer Care Officer in March 2006
content	experience	· Resolving customer’s issue and answering their queries
content	experience	· Meeting daily targets and KPI
content	experience	After 9 months
content	experience	· Rated as ‘Significant Contributor’ at the time of the appraisal
content	experience	· Promoted as the Team Mentor
content	experience	· Taking escalation calls and follow ups of escalated calls
content	experience	· Handling CCR and Service Level
content	experience	· Giving training, briefings and feedback to the agents
content	experience	· Looking after On Job Training (OJT) batches
content	experience	After 5 Months
content	experience	· Moved to Corporate Billing Query Resolution Cell
content	experience	· Resolving the billing issues for the AES, Corporate, SME and Commercial customers within the SLA
content	experience	· PRI and BRI troubleshooting & VAS activation/deactivation.
content	experience	· Handling the team of 20 customer care executives
content	experience	· Supervising the floor and responsible of CCR and Service level
content	experience	· Taking escalations and giving briefings and feedback to agents
header	experience	`Achievements:
content	experience	· Awarded as ‘Extra Miler’ in May 2007
content	experience	· Awarded as ‘Most Regular’ in March 2007
content	experience	· Awarded as ’Consistent Performer’ in February 2007
content	experience	· Awarded for giving the ‘Highest Login Hours’ in August 2006
header	experience	Trainings attended:
content	experience	· Manager as Coach & Trainer
content	experience	· Motivation & Leadership Trait
content	experience	· The Basic Management Skills
content	experience	· Importance of Rapport Building in customer service
header	experience	Professional
content	experience	DOEACC ‘A’ Level course (equivalent to PGDCA)
header	education	Qualifications:
content	education	DOEACC ‘O’ Level course (equivalent to Diploma in Computer Application)
header	education	Academic
content	education	Pursuing M.B.A (2nd Semester) from Sikkim Manipal University
header	education	Qualifications:
content	education	Graduation in B.COM (Pass) from Delhi University
content	education	Class 12th from C.B.S.E. board in 2002
content	education	Class 10th from C.B.S.E. board in 2000
header	knowledge	Technical Profile:
content	knowledge	Understanding of Linux, Microsoft Windows (All versions) & Microsoft Office (All versions).
content	knowledge	Troubleshooting of Computer Hardware & Software.
content	knowledge	Familiar with the Programming Languages like C, C++, FoxPro, Visual Basic, etc.
content	knowledge	Knowledge of Router, WAN and LAN
header	others	Personal Profile:
header	others	Father’s Name
meta	others	:
meta	others	Mr. R.K. Raghav
header	others	Date of Birth
meta	others	:
meta	others	09 December 1984
meta	others	Extra curricular: Participated in Debates, Presentations, Painting Competitions and Dramatics.
header	others	Declaration:
meta	others	I hereby take the responsibility of the authenticity of the above mentioned information and data and the concerned authority may take any decision in case of any discrepancy, if found.
meta	others	Date:
meta	others	Place: Noida
meta	others	(VISHAL RAGHAV)
