header	others	Curriculam-Vitae
meta	others	NAME : GAURAV SHARMA
meta	others	Address : H-Block, House No. 11, Sec 12,
meta	others	Noida(U.P)- 201301
meta	others	Phone : +91-9999379640
meta	others	E-mail : gauravsharma1412@gmail.com
meta	others	Date of Birth : 14th, December, 1988.
header	others	Career Objective
content	others	 Seeking an opportunity in any organization to utilize the plethora of skills. I have developed
content	others	during my whole career.
header	experience	Academic Qualifications
content	education	Degree/
content	education	Certificate
content	education	Specialization
content	education	School College Board/
content	education	University
content	education	Year of
content	education	Passing
content	education	B.Com(P)
content	education	Commerce DelhiUniversity 2011
content	education	Class XII
content	education	Commerce C.B.S.E 2007
content	education	Class X
content	education	C.B.S.E 2005
header	education	Professional Qualifications
content	education	Diploma/
header	education	Certificate
content	education	Specialization Institute Year of Passing
content	education	GNIIT
content	education	Computer Application NIIT 2012
header	knowledge	Skills Set
content	experience	 Internet Knowledge.
content	knowledge	 MS-Office (Word, Excel, Power-Point).
content	knowledge	 Lean certified
content	knowledge	 Six Sigma yellow belts certified.
header	experience	Experience
content	experience	 10 Months (Oct’10 to Aug’11) of work experience with Aegis Global Limited as CSR in a
content	experience	Retailing Project.
content	experience	 1 Year and 4 Months (Aug’11 to Feb’13) of work experience with IBM Global Process Services
content	experience	as an Escalation Helpdesk Executive.
content	experience	 2 Years and 9 Months (Mar’13 to Mar’16) of work experience with Steria India Ltd as a Senior
content	experience	Executive (HRO).
content	experience	 1 Year (Mar’16 to Present) of work experience with Birlasoft as a Senior HR Executive.
header	experience	Job Profile
header	experience	Aegis:-
content	experience	 Taking order and taking responsibility that order needs to be delivered at Customer place.
content	experience	 Taking feedback of customer related to product.
content	experience	 Visiting Outlet and checking the production at operation location.
content	experience	 Providing Training to new Batches.
header	experience	IBM:-
content	experience	 Handing customer quires on call and email.
content	experience	 Problem Identification, Checking feasibility, Implementation of data as well removes error from
content	experience	data by generating Test Cases or following a Test case cycle.
content	experience	 Customer Database Creation, Modification, Updating and Edition of database.
content	experience	 Maintaining Data integrity.
content	experience	 Building a healthy relationship between the End user and Company.
content	experience	Steria:-
content	experience	Employee Relation –
content	experience	 To advise and support line managers in the handling of all ER matters. To support the business in
content	experience	resolving matters of conflict at the earliest opportunity and to be involved in an advisory capacity
content	experience	in the management of any formal processes within these areas and to attend formal hearings.
content	experience	 To develop effective relationships with the business to promote good employee relations across
content	experience	the organization.
content	experience	 To assist with the introduction of new or revised ER policy and process issues, including delivery
content	experience	of workshops, ensuring that line managers are appropriately equipped and continuously
content	experience	supported in introducing and managing such changes.
content	experience	 Providing advice and guidance on disciplinary and welfare cases, capability, grievance, and
content	experience	coaching managers where appropriate.
content	experience	 To contribute to and develop policies, procedures and processes in relation to areas of
content	experience	responsibility and to collaboratively work with colleagues in Policy & Strategy.
header	experience	Payroll –
content	experience	 Updating and maintaining payroll records.
content	experience	 Liaising with staff and management on payroll related queries.
content	experience	 Maintaining leave, sickness and overtime reports.
content	experience	 Interpreting awards/agreements and contracts in relation to overtime, shift allowances etc.
content	experience	 Payroll administration – setting up new starters, terminations, transfer & promotions.
content	experience	 Calculation and payment of termination payments.
content	experience	 Address employee’s pay-related concerns and provide accurate payroll information.
content	experience	 Develop, manage and maintain comprehensive payroll records.
content	experience	 Investigate and correct payroll discrepancies and errors.
content	experience	 Complete requests for pay-related documents including statements and verifications.
header	experience	Birlasoft:-
content	experience	 Proving payroll inputs to finance team.
content	experience	 Policy Review
content	experience	 Induction & HR Connects with employees
content	experience	 Handing Employee queries.
content	experience	 Review Management on Glassdoor.
content	experience	 Updating HR Master data on Peoplesoft .
content	experience	 Driving HR initiatives
content	experience	 Appraisal and Review closer.
content	experience	 HR Connects with employees.
content	experience	 Taleo Implementation
content	experience	 Background Verification
header	others	Hobbies/Co-curricular Activities
content	others	 Painting.
content	others	 Listening to Music.
header	others	Personal Profile
meta	others	 Father’s Name : Mr. Sushil Kumar Sharma
meta	others	 Marital Status : Single.
meta	others	 Gender : Male
meta	others	 Nationality : Indian.
content	knowledge	 Language Known : Hindi, English.
meta	others	I hereby declare that the facts given in resume are correct to the best of my knowledge & belief.
meta	others	(GAURAV SHARMA)
