meta	others	Sample resume for an accounts payable specialist
meta	others	AVINASH B. BANGAR
meta	others	Address-Flat No.202, Nathani Building, Opposite Veer Hospital, Tapkir
meta	others	chowk, Kalewadi, Pune 411017
meta	others	Email ID-avibangar94@gmail.com Contact No: 9511271248 / 8149658550
header	knowledge	KEY SKILLS
content	knowledge	• Accounts Payable Processes & Management
content	knowledge	• Overview of Purchase Orders & Requisitions
content	knowledge	• Processing Payment for Invoices & Expense Reports
content	knowledge	• Credit Notes & Pending Aged Payable Invoices
header	knowledge	Analysis
content	knowledge	• Overview of Vendor Management
content	knowledge	• Invoice Processing (Oracle - R12)
content	knowledge	• Teambuilding & Leading Team from Front
content	knowledge	• Reporting & Analysis
header	experience	PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
content	experience	WNS Global Services Pvt. Ltd. (BPM) Magarpatta City, Pane
content	experience	Sr. Process Associate, 14th Nov 2016 to 10th Dec 2018 (Serving Notice Period)
content	experience	During short span of 2 years worked in Accounts Payable (Procure to Pay) department as Senior Process Associate.
content	experience	Successfully completed Training Programs organized by the management and actively participate in all activities. Worked in
content	experience	Invoice processing team for 1 year 4 months (including Training period of 1 Months) and in Disbursement Team (Payment
content	experience	Team) for 8 Months (Training period of 1 Month). Always shown the positive approach in the critical situations and lead the
content	experience	issues from front and resolve them.
header	experience	Key Results:
content	experience	• Managed the accurate and timely processing of Invoices by Validating all the key elements to avoid any incorrect
content	experience	Invoicing / duplicate Invoice. Ensuring the urgent requests of payment will get processed on timely and worked
content	experience	along with payments team in order to process payment for the same.
content	experience	• Processed invoices set up in Two-way matching / three-way matching along with worked on the Holds which get
content	experience	placed on Invoices in system due to Invoice – PO Qty. Price Discrepancy.
content	experience	• Successfully reduced the number of volumes of Invoices from Holds and maintained the accuracy while releasing
content	experience	the holds from Invoices and presented the Data to the Offshore Management / Onshore Client.
content	experience	• Successfully completed the Aging Analysis project on the Validated Invoices for payment but not paid. Analyze the
content	experience	reasons of unpaid Invoices by coordinating with Payments team and reduced the Pending volume by presenting the
content	experience	data to Management.
content	experience	• Credit Analysis of old aged unutilized credit memo’s in system. Analyzing the reasons and issues and resolved the
content	experience	same in order to utilized Credit while making payments to Vendor/ Expense reports. Seeking suppliers for refund
content	experience	against the Credit Memo’s (if the business will not continuous with them)
content	experience	• Has been part of Implementing E-Invoicing portal which will reduce Manual work & speedy payment transactions.
content	experience	Increasing Transparency & accuracy in Invoicing and payment processing.
content	experience	• Processing payments to Vendors Employees for Invoices Expense reports. Analyzing the Bank Outstanding’s
content	experience	open entries in Cash Book/ Bank
content	experience	• Worked on all types of payment rejections received while processing payments such as Oracle Rejection (missing
content	experience	banking details in Oracle system) Bank Rejections (Payment rejected by Bank due to Invalid credentials of
content	experience	payments/ rejected by beneficiary bank due to remittance details missing)
content	experience	• Reconciliation of open entries in Bank outstanding’s, such as Refund from Suppliers/ Employees, Manual payment
content	experience	made by Client, Direct Debit Entries in Bank.
content	experience	mailto:avibangar94@gmail.com
content	experience	• Leading team from front in critical situations-such as any escalation received from Onshore clients responded in
content	experience	positive way. Motivated team to work beyond the allocated activities and explore themselves with their new ideas
content	experience	and innovations (if any)
header	education	EDUCATION
content	education	COURSE
content	education	INSTITUTION BOARD
content	education	/UNIVERSITY
content	education	YEAR OF
content	education	PASSING
content	education	PERCENTAGE/MARKS
content	education	B.COM
content	education	Commerce College
content	education	Kolhapur
content	education	Shivaji
content	education	University
content	education	Kolhapur
content	education	2016
content	education	60.06%
content	education	HSC
content	education	Savarkar College
content	education	Beed
content	education	BAMU University
content	education	Aurangabad
content	education	2012
content	education	79%
content	education	SSC
content	education	Beed High school
content	education	BAMU University
content	education	Aurangabad
content	education	2010
content	education	56%
header	knowledge	TECHNOLOGY SUMMARY
content	knowledge	• Oracle (R12): Have good knowledge and work experience of 2 Years work of Oracle software. Become handy for
content	knowledge	pooling reports, processing Invoices/ Payments, working on Month End close activities in Oracle.
content	knowledge	• MS Office: Successfully completed MSCIT Course in 2010 after pass out of 10th Std. Worked experienced on the MS
content	knowledge	office is of 2 years, using Excel for preparing the Reporting Compliance Data with functions such as VLOOKUP, Pivot
content	knowledge	Tables/ Charts etc. Used MS Outlook for Sending receiving emails meetings etc.
content	knowledge	• Tally ERP 9.0: Successfully completed Three months Training program of Tally ERP 9.0 in 2012, however don’t have
content	knowledge	the experienced in practical work for the same.
header	others	PERSONAL PROFILE
meta	others	• Name : Avinash Baban Bangar
meta	others	• Date & Place of birth : 11-05-1994 at Beed
meta	others	• Fathers Name : Baban Rustumrao Bangar
meta	others	• Nationality : Indian
meta	others	• Marital Status : Unmarried
meta	knowledge	• Languages known : English, Hindi, Marathi
meta	others	• Sex : Male
meta	others	• Mobile Number : +919511271248 / 8149658550
meta	others	• Hobbies : Learning new things
header	others	DECLARATION
meta	others	I hereby declare that the above information is true and correct to the best of my knowledge. I bear the responsibility for
meta	others	the correctness of the mentioned particulars.
header	others	Date:
meta	others	Place: Pune Name: Avinash Bangar
