meta	others	Curriculam Vitae
meta	others	E-mail: ar.vicky92@gmail.com
meta	others	Cell No.09840212178
meta	others	A.R.VIGNESHWARAN
header	others	OBJECTIVE:
content	others	Around 5 Years of Experience in Finance & Accounting domain. Majority of the course work done in Charge Back. I look forward to applying my enhanced knowledge and enthusiasm in the field within Finance Sector.
header	others	CORE COMPETENCIES:
content	others	· Capability of handling high work pressure during Process Demand peak Season.
content	others	· Remarkable ability to understand the implication of new information for both current and future problem solving & decision making.
content	others	· Proven ability of leading and directing the efforts to achieve a high standard of customer service.
header	education	ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS:
content	education	Pondicherry University and Loyola College (Distance). Chennai, India Master Business Administration June 2016 Secured 56%
content	education	Sri Ramakrishna mission Vivekananda college Chennai, India Bachelor of Commerce May 2013 Secured 70%
content	education	Sri Ramakrishna mission Higher Secondary School (MAIN) Chennai, India
content	education	12th Standard April 2010 Secured 75%
header	others	ACHIEVEMANTS:
content	others	1. Star of the month 2015.
content	others	1. Process Excellent Award in 2016.
content	others	1. Spot light ward 2017.
content	others	1. Star of the Quarter 2018.
header	experience	CURRENT ORGANISATION: WIPRO LTD. Aug 2013 – Till Date
content	experience	DESIGNATION: SENIOR OFFICER
content	experience	In Accounts Payable Vendor File Maintenance
content	experience	· Provide administrative support to Accounts payable team and Invoice processing Team. Responsible for Vendor creation, moderation, re-creation and De-creation.
content	experience	· Interact with clients through E–Mails and act immediately to client’s emergency requests.
content	experience	· Maintaining the records of the Vendors, Customers, and Subcontractors.
content	experience	· Checking the authenticity of Records with the Government Website and Maintained vendor Insurance Certificates, Licenses and W-9 files.
content	experience	· Maintaining the Vendor, Subcontractors Bank Account information and controlling the Mode of payment and check for necessary approval for the payments.
content	experience	· Preparing Vendor File Maintenance Quality check Report and Invoice Quality check Report on monthly Basis.
content	experience	· Responsible for the purchase of raw materials for Client locations and the Creation of PO. Provide Administrative support as necessary to Accounts payable team and Invoice processing Preparation.
header	experience	In Charge Back Process
content	experience	· Receiving queries from bank on behalf of customer payments through Credit cards.
content	experience	· Identification of Fraudulent transactions, Fraud and Dispute case analysis.
content	experience	· Working directly with merchants and cardholders to resolve customer service issues or fraudulent/unauthorized activities.
content	experience	· Contacting merchants and cardholders to validate the authenticity of charges.
content	experience	· Performs proper review and Investigate disputed card transactions by collecting sufficient information to explore every opportunity to identify recovery opportunities in order to mitigate losses.
content	experience	· Meeting Team standards for quality and performance/productivity making monetary adjustments to Customers accounts and other risk/income matters.
content	experience	· Assisting with daily system balancing and reconciliation, account reconciliation.
content	experience	· Ensuring incoming retrieval requests & chargeback are processed in accordance with Visa and MasterCard regulations.
content	experience	· Dealing with High-Risk Disputes which involves High Dollar Amount and Premier Customers.
content	experience	· Compliance with MasterCard and VISA time frames for disputes processing.
content	experience	· Answering Customer queries regarding disputes, If the Customer dispute is valid, we make the reimbursed.
content	experience	· Creating reports for Reimbursement.
content	experience	· Responsible for providing high quality customer service by responding to telephone inquiries, customer requests and problems related to credit card fraud and dispute claims.
content	experience	· Cross trained on other providers Discover,PayPal and American Express card disputes.
content	experience	· Preparing Quality check Report on monthly Basis.
header	knowledge	TECHNICAL QUALIFICATION:
content	knowledge	· Finished DCA (MS-office) Studied at IIC (Lions club).
content	knowledge	· Finished Tally Studied at BSS.
header	others	PERSONAL DETAILS:
meta	others	Father’s Name: Mr. A.S. Ravi Chandran
meta	experience	Date of Birth: 04-12-1992
meta	others	Sex: Male
meta	others	Marital Status: Single
meta	others	Nationality: Indians
content	knowledge	Languages Known: English, Tamil, and Telugu.
meta	others	Address: No: 5 / 10, Thadi Rathinam Street,
meta	others	West Saidapet,
meta	others	Chennai - 600 015.
header	others	DECLARATION:
content	others	I hereby declare that the above mentioned details are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
content	others	Thanking you and looking forward for a favorable reply.
meta	others	Place: Chennai
meta	others	Signature
meta	others	(A.R.Vigneshwaran)
