meta	others	ANJU G
meta	others	E-mail: achattilanju28@gmail.com
meta	others	Mobile: +919686279518
meta	others	Bachelor of Computer Application
header	others	Career Objective:
content	others	Seeking a job in software development with the aim of enhancing technical and professional
content	others	skills and contributing value to the organization by sharing my skills and ability and prove my best and
content	others	upgrade my skills for the healthy growth of the organization.
header	education	Educational Qualification:
content	education	Education Level: Degree
content	education	Course Name of Institution Year of Passing University Aggregate
content	education	B.C.A SBRR MAHAJANA FIRST GRADE
content	education	COLLEGE, MYSORE
content	education	2018 Mysore
content	education	University
content	education	89.24%
content	education	Education Level: Pre-University
content	education	Combination Name of Institution Year of Passing Affiliated to Percentage
content	education	PCMB MARIMALLAPA PRE—
content	education	UNIVERSITY COLLEGE, MYSORE
content	education	2015 Karnataka
content	education	Pre-University
content	education	Board
content	education	85.00%
content	education	Education Level: Secondary Education
content	education	Class Name of the Institution Year of Passing Affiliated to Percentage
content	education	X STD NIRMALA HIGH SCHOOL,
content	education	MYSORE
content	education	2013 Karnataka
content	education	Secondary
content	education	Education
content	education	Board
content	education	94.08%
header	knowledge	Technical Skills:
content	knowledge	Ø Operating systems : Windows 7, UBUNTU(basics).
content	knowledge	Ø Languages familiar with: Basics of C, C++, C# and Java.
content	knowledge	Ø Database: MS SQL Server.
header	others	Personal Information:
meta	others	Nationality: INDIAN
meta	others	Date of Birth: 18th November,1997
meta	others	Sex: Female
meta	others	Father’s Name: V.GIRIPRASAD
meta	knowledge	Languages known: ENGLISH, KANNADA, MALAYALAM, TAMIL.
meta	others	Residential Address: #250, 6th cross, 3rd stage,
meta	others	NandhaGokulam, Mysore-570002
meta	others	Mobile: +919686279518, +918553246731
header	project	Project: 6th Semester
header	project	Project Name : Confidential Management System
meta	experience	Platform: Dot Net
meta	experience	Database: Microsoft SQL Server
meta	experience	Language: C#
content	experience	Application Developed: Windows/Desktop Application
content	experience	The main objective of the project is to achieve file management confidentiality and to maintain
content	experience	the security of the data in the database (Ex : Police Database). The security of the data is established
content	experience	using the techniques of Encryption and Decryption using RSA Algorithm. This is a Windows
content	experience	Application that is developed using .NET language with the help of C# codes and the back end used is
content	experience	Microsoft SQL Server.
header	experience	Experience:
content	experience	Company: Hinduja Global Solutions,
content	experience	Saraswathipuram, Mysore.
content	experience	Designation: Customer Representative Officer (CRO)
content	experience	Duration: 6 Months – January 20th, 2018 to July 31st, 2018
content	experience	Process: Non Voice process for Amazon India Client.
content	experience	Co-Curricular Activities:
content	experience	1. Participated in the Tech Fest conducted by Pooja Bhagavath Memorial Mahajana Post Graduation
content	experience	Center Mysore.
content	experience	2. Co-organized the Kabaddi Tournament conducted in Mahajana First Grade College during
content	experience	September 2017, Mysore.
