meta	others	Gurpreet Singh
meta	others	Address:-D1/604 Shivalik Apartments,Gurgoan.
meta	others	Mobile: +91-8800712837,9796605537
meta	others	E-Mail: gurpreet1489@gmail.com,gurpreet9.singh@airtel.com
header	experience	PROFESSIONAL SYNOPSIS
content	experience	· 4+ years of working experience in Airtel-UNOC to support to Bharti’s network infrastructure
content	experience	North & West Region.
content	experience	· Expertise on CEN Access, Backend
content	experience	· Configuring, monitoring and troubleshooting DSLAMs (Ericsson, UT Starcom & Alcatel), BRAS, and switches for DSL service implementations and operation.
content	experience	· Expertise on OSPF routing, network connectivity, static routes for networks, and Cisco routers/switches across Bharti internal ISP network.
content	experience	· IOS Up gradation Cisco Routers/Switches, Alcatel Service Routers.
header	knowledge	KEY SKILLS
content	knowledge	Strategic Planning Network Analysis Network integration
content	knowledge	Cost Control Risk Mitigation & Control Resource Optimization
content	knowledge	Product / Process Enhancements Quality Assurance Technical Documentation
header	knowledge	KNOWLEDGE PURVIEW
content	knowledge	· Experience in installation, configuration and maintenance of CISCO/Alcatel Lucent / Huawei networking equipment& services in multi-platform environments.
content	knowledge	· Data-Link level Switching.
content	knowledge	· Routing protocols OSPF, BGP, MPLS,MPBGP,,L2-VPN, L3-VPN.
content	knowledge	· Switching technologies L2 / L3 Switching, VLAN, Inter-VLAN, Access List, STP, RSTP.
content	knowledge	· Leased line, Leased Port / Next Gen ILP (Bharti CEN Network)
content	knowledge	· Network Troubleshooting.
header	experience	Career Contour
content	experience	Sl. No
content	experience	Organisation
content	experience	Designation
content	experience	Period
meta	others	1
content	experience	Telesonic Networks Limited
content	experience	Executive (TAC)Engg
content	experience	2016 till now
meta	others	2
content	experience	Dimension Data india pvt. Ltd.
content	experience	Network Support Engineer
content	experience	10-6-2015 to 31-3- 2016
meta	others	3
content	experience	Wipro infotech ltd.
content	experience	Network Associate Management
content	experience	1-5-2014 to 4-6-2015
meta	others	4
content	experience	Tulip Telecom ltd.
content	experience	Network Engineer
content	experience	14-11-2012 to 30-4- 2014
content	experience	CAREER RECITAL
content	experience	Telesonic Networks Limited ( Executive)
content	experience	Designation: Sr. Executive Engineer.
content	experience	Work Profile-Network Fault (TAC)
content	experience	Roll: TNL
header	experience	Key Deliverables:
content	experience	· Handling NOC operation for PAN INDIA (North, West), TAC-2 Fault support.
content	experience	· Responsible for troubleshooting of backbone network related issues.
content	experience	· Configuring /handling/ maintaining/ network devices (Cisco, Alcatel, Huawei, and Juniper ERX) & taking their scheduled backups.
content	experience	· Troubleshooting all networking problems i.e. routing protocols (OSPF, and BGP, MPLS,L2 VPN).Hardware issue and connectivity of access and backend network devices.
content	experience	· Analyze the Network (24x7) using network monitoring tools (MRTG, WHATSUP Gold).
content	experience	· Backbone network congestion issues and co-ordinate with network planning and rollout teams to ensure timely capacity upgrades.
content	experience	· Troubleshooting on transport part for 2G, 3G and 4G services which are running on CEN network.
content	experience	· Co-ordination with ISP-O&M, Vendor partner, and Core team.
content	experience	Router Included in CEN: CISCO 7200, 7600 etc., ALCATEL LUCENT SR-7710, SR-7750 etc., HUAWEICX-600.
content	experience	Switches: CISCO L3 Switch (3550, 3750, 4500 and 6500.), ALU-7450 Ethernet Service Switch.
content	experience	Protocols running: OSPF, BGP, MPLS, VPLS, VPRN Pseudo wire,
content	experience	Tools Used: Telemedia, Metasolve M6, BMC Remedy tool MRTG
content	experience	· BRAS (Broadband Remote Access Server): Configuration and Monitoring of the port and card hardware related issues.
content	experience	· DSLAM (Digital Subscriber Line Access Multiplexer): Working on the various types of Dslams: like as Ericsson,UT Star, Alcatel,
content	experience	· End to end configuration of VLAN/Management vlan for different types of DSLAM, and troubleshooting various fault in different dslams.
content	experience	· Familiar with the NMS (networking monitoring tools.) just like as:
content	experience	· 1. WUG (What Up Gold): For Check the ping response of the devices.
content	experience	· 2. OP Manager: To Check the ping response and performance of the devices.
content	experience	· 3. SAM (Service Aware Manager): For Monitor The Alcatel Devices which Is used in the CEN Network.
content	experience	· 4. U2000 IManager: For Monitor The Huawei Devices which is used in the CEN Network.
content	experience	· 5. Tivoli Net cool: For checking the all types of alarms which occurs in the NMS tools.
content	experience	· 6. BMC Remedy: For generate the Trouble Ticket for occurrence of any alarm in the NMS Tools.
content	experience	· 7. MRTG : For Monitor the utilization of the Internet
content	experience	Reliance jio 4G 2015 – 2016
content	experience	Designation: Network Support Engineer
content	experience	Rolls-Dimension data india pvt. Ltd
content	experience	Key Deliverables:
content	experience	Implementation of the project: from project planning stage to work delivery, execution of the plan with various site completions to assisting the project management and providing technical support to the onsite project.
header	experience	Rolls & Responsibilities:
content	experience	· Installation & Configuration of Cisco routers: 903, 920i, ASR 1090,920o.
content	experience	· Installation & Configuration of Cisco L2, L3 Switches: 2950, 2960, 3550, 4500.
content	experience	· Planning and implementation of IP address schemes and subnet masks.
content	experience	· Responsible for Configuring, troubleshooting& maintaining WAN connectivity.
content	experience	· Developing and maintaining a detailed project plan.
content	experience	· Responsible for: co-ordination with different departments for planning & designing the requirements for the migration of the challenging LAN Network and WAN Network.
content	experience	· Responsible for co-ordination to vendor and the client company for the execution and completion of project within the given timeline.
content	experience	· Management of Acceptance Testing program
content	experience	Client NIC(National Informatic Centre)
content	experience	Designation: Network Operator cum Field Engineer/Network Associate management
content	experience	Rolls-Tulip Telecom ltd./Wipro infotech ltd.
content	experience	NIC is a part of the Indian Ministry of Communications & Information Technology’s Department of Electronics & Information Technology and is headquartered in New Delhi. It has offices in all 28 state capitals and 7 union-territory headquarters and almost all districts. At New Delhi Headquarters, a large number of Application Divisions exist which provide total Informatics Support to the Ministries and Departments of the Central Government.
content	experience	Rolls & Responsibilities:
content	experience	· Troubleshooting WAN, MPLS, VSAT, Failover and Access related issues.
content	experience	· Configuration of Cisco Switches (Layer 2 – 2900 series; Layer 3 – 3500.
content	experience	· Configuration and troubleshooting of RAD switches.
content	experience	· Providing level second support to Juniper ACX 2200 router.
content	experience	· VLAN Creation, Maintenance & Troubleshooting,upgradation of ios of network devices
content	experience	· Managing the LAN of the J&K Civil Secretariat (Internet Connectivity)
content	experience	· Conduct of Video Conferencing of Higher officials of the State with Central Ministers.
content	experience	· Creating & managing entries in DHCP, ISA and Cyberom like latest technologies.
header	education	ACADEMIA
content	education	MCA FROM IGNOU.
content	education	B.CA from University of Jammu
header	others	PERSONAL DOSSIER
meta	others	Father’s Name : S. Charanjeet Singh
meta	others	Date of Birth : 14th Feb.1989.
meta	others	Gender : Male.
meta	others	Marital status : Single.
meta	others	Nationality : Indian.
meta	others	Proficiency in languages : English, Hindi,Punjabi.
meta	others	Home Address : H. NO. 109, ward 32, Munshi chack, J&K-18002.
meta	others	Place :
meta	others	Date : (Gurpreet Singh )
