meta	others	ANIT NANDI C.V. 15.04.18
header	others	CURRICULUM VITAE
meta	others	Name: ANIT KUMAR NANDI.
meta	others	Father’s Name: Asit Baran Nandi.
meta	others	Address: 10/12A, S.N. Chatterjee Road, Behala Manton. Kolkata-700034.
meta	others	Phone: (M) 9433059173/ (033) 2399-1183
meta	others	E-mail: anitknandi@gmail.com
meta	others	Date Of Birth: 27th January, 1990
meta	others	Sex: Male.
meta	others	Nationality: Indian (Hindu).
meta	knowledge	Language(s) Known: English, Bengali and Hindi.
meta	experience	Hobbies: Cricket, listening to Music, Craftwork and Drawing.
header	others	Career Objectives:
content	others	• Looking forward for exciting career opportunities in reputed organization, to be the part of the
content	others	growth story of the organization.
header	education	Educational Qualification:
content	education	• B.com (Hons) in Accountancy and Finance from Vivekananda College, Calcutta University in
content	education	the year 2011 with 52.38% marks.
content	education	• Passed Higher Secondary Examination (12Th) from Julien Day School (Elgin Road), I.S.C.
content	education	Board in the year 2008 with 81.75% marks.
content	education	• Passed Secondary Examination (10Th) from Julien Day School (Elgin Road), I.C.S.E. Board in
content	education	the year 2006 with 56.8% marks.
content	education	Other Qualification:
content	education	• D.I.T.A. (Data of Information Technology & Application)
content	education	• C.P.T. (Common Proficiency Test) Entrance exam for Institute of Chartered Accountants of
content	education	India.
content	education	• I.T.T.P. (Information Technology Training Programme) from I.C.A.I.
header	others	Other Activities:
content	others	• Assembling Computer Hardware.
content	others	• Played Cricket at Behala Cricket Coaching Centre (B.C.C.C.)
content	others	• Interior designing, décor rooms, Craftworks and painting.
content	others	• Analysing trend in Equity, Commodity and Currency Derivatives.
header	experience	Working Experience:
content	experience	GENPACT INDIA PVT. LTD.-
content	experience	• Currently working with GENPACT INDIA PVT. LTD. under Accounts payable domain as a
content	experience	PROCESS DEVELOPER at Unitech C1 Building, Kolkata from 21-12-2015 onwards.
content	experience	• Actively participated and successfully completed the transition period and started working from the
content	experience	pilot phase after taking proper download of respective domain. Helped the team in SOP preparation.
content	experience	• To manage the team, work efficiently and to impart knowledge or provide training to the sub-ordinates.
content	experience	• Apart from processing of PO and Non-PO invoices in SAP application, the other activities are Month-End activities of Inter-company/Accounts Receivable/vendor reconciliations and netting activities.
content	experience	• Looking after Helpdesk queues and taking calls with clients to present or resolve any client queries.
content	experience	• Publishing Daily Reports, minutes of the meeting and trackers to clients and supervisors.
content	experience	• Quality control and Auditing of processed invoices, as per SOX compliance.
content	experience	• Coordinating between AR and R2R team, during month-end reviews and reconciliations.
content	experience	• Collating exceptions as and when found within the process and providing Lean Ideas.
content	experience	• Processing T&E claims of various employees and critical invoices like e-upload of flat files, inter-company invoices, pro-forma invoices, etc including petty cash vouchers and journal vouchers.
content	experience	RANGAM INFOTECH PVT. LTD. (BANK OF AMERICA N.A.)-
content	experience	• Worked in BANK OF AMERICA N.A. (RIPL) under Global Wholesale Banking & Operations as
content	experience	TRADE OPERATIONS REPRESENTATIVE at Kolkata Branch, JK Millennium Centre, Jawaharlal
content	experience	Nehru Road, Kolkata – 700071 from 01-09-2014 to 30-07-2015.
content	experience	• Being a part of the Global Wholesale Banking Business the role being into Trade Finance.
content	experience	• Reviewing, Auditing, Tracing and Researching Trade Finance documents, outstanding payments,
content	experience	amount discrepancies, returned/ unpaid items and Letters of Credit renewal/ maturity files.
content	experience	• Investigating and resolving customer inquiries.
content	experience	• Preparing and recording issuances, amendments, stand-by letters of credit, negotiations and related
content	experience	trade finance correspondence.
content	experience	• Also a back up cashier handling cash transactions for the branch.
content	experience	AXIS BANK LIMITED.-
content	experience	• Worked in AXIS BANK LTD. as a FRONT DESK OFFICER at Mahestala Branch, Budge Budge
content	experience	Trunk Road, Municipality Building, Kolkata - 700141 from 15-07-2013 to 30-08-2014.
content	experience	• Understanding and resolving customer quires quickly and effectively.
content	experience	• Handling Cash Transactions, Remittances, Cheques, RTGS, NEFT, Demand Drafts, Pay Order
header	experience	Preparations, Stop Payment, Locker Access, Passbook Updating, etc.
content	experience	• Maintaining Cheque Return Register, Inward Register, Welcome kit Register, etc.
content	experience	• Providing Retail Banking services such as Term Deposits, Online Trading, Credit Cards, Gold Loan,
header	experience	Home Loan, Car Loan, Personal Loan, Education Loan, etc.
content	experience	• Handling Customer Requests regarding banking products and service new accounts for CASA creation.
content	experience	• Checking proper KYC documentation of the customers for the various request received.
content	experience	• Cross-selling banking products and acquiring fresh leads by interacting with customers.
content	experience	• Pitching existing customer for Third-party products like Life / General Insurance, Mutual Funds, etc.
content	experience	• Assuring Incremental Portfolio Growth by account Deepening every Month and Quarter end.
header	others	Declaration:
content	others	I, hereby declare that the above-furnished details are true & correct to the best of my belief.
content	others	Date: 15th, April, 2018
content	others	Place: Kolkata Signature:…………………………………….
