meta	others	Ho
header	others	RESUME
meta	others	MOHAMMAD APSAR.D
meta	others	Phone: # 9036293785
meta	others	Email:mohammadapsar999@gmail.com
header	others	OBJECTIVE:
content	others	To seek a position in an organization where in I can exchange ideas with the experienced professionals, gain knowledge and to make a strong contribution to organizational goals of the company through continued development of my professional skills.
header	experience	PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:-
content	experience	Current Organization: Capgemini technology services India LTD.
content	experience	Duration: April-2016 to till date
meta	others	Process: Bank Operations (MUFG)
meta	others	Designation: Process associate
meta	others	ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:-
header	experience	Money Judgment:
content	experience	· In this process we receives levy from different tax departments and we debit the due amount from customer account.
header	experience	Account Maintenance:
content	experience	· RCIF Maintenance (KYC): Dealing with the Retail customer information maintenance Including New accounts openings, Account closure, Updating customer personal information and Handling client queries.
content	experience	· Fund transfer: Processing the online fund transfer within the banks in minimum times and Force close accounts.
header	experience	· Private banking upgrade: Private banking facility provide for the priority customers because these are the customers are assets for the banks.
content	experience	· ATM Maintenance: Dealing with the retail customers debit cards, It includes ATM Card maintenance, Issuing new cards, Blocking fraudulent activity cards and Regularly review the customer transactions.
meta	experience	· Address change: Updating the customers address in the banking applications (RUMBA and OASIS) as per the customer request.
header	experience	ADDITIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES:
meta	experience	· Assigning of Daily inflow among Team Members.
content	experience	· To communicate with the Client and obtain relevant information about the cases
content	experience	· Preparing Daily, Weekly and Monthly Reports for the Team.
content	experience	· Providing process training for the new joiners.
content	experience	· Keeping myself abreast of all recent changes & updates to the guidelines.
content	experience	· Handling of process escalations and resolving the same.
header	experience	ACHIEVEMENTS:
content	experience	· Received “The Star of the Month” award
content	experience	· Received “Soaring Eagles” from the client for outstanding Quality
header	experience	PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE:-
content	experience	Organization: Prosco business solutions.
content	experience	Duration: March -2013 to March-2016
content	experience	Process: Bank operations (IFDS)
content	experience	Designation: Process associate
header	experience	ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
content	experience	We do various mutual fund services under the Transfer Agency:
content	experience	· Financial and Non-Financial Maintenance of investment accounts
content	experience	· Creation of New Investment Accounts for various Fund Management Companies with different Plans like Normal, Pension and Corporate etc to their investors by using client software once received documents through fax or scan.
content	experience	· Transfer of Investment Account/Portfolio from one fund management companies to another fund management companies or one investment accounts to other accounts
content	experience	Within the fund company or other fund company as per instructions received from Clients through Fax or Scan.
content	experience	· Processing of Transaction Requests – purchase, redemption, exchange of money from one fund to another fund in an account or money movement from one account to another account.
content	experience	· Making change of personal details of an accountholder.
content	experience	· Settling the trade booked by the dealer on behalf of the client.
content	experience	· Providing other services like Pre-Authorized checking plan, Systematic withdrawal plan, Retirement income fund, Distribution.
header	others	ACHIEVEMENTS:
content	others	· Recognized and Awarded as best “Hall Of Fame”. For very critical work type in the Transaction processing.
content	others	· Awarded as “CHAMPION OF THE QUARTER”.
content	others	· Received two times “EXTRA MILER” Award. For best performance in the team.
header	education	ACADEMIC:
content	education	· M.B.A. (Finance & Marketing) from S.V. University in 2009-11.
content	education	· Graduation (B.COM) from Sri Srinivasa Degree College in 2006-09.
content	education	· PUC (Commerce) from Board of intermediate Education A.P. in 2004-06.
content	education	· SSC from Board of Secondary Education A.P. in 2004.
header	knowledge	TECHNICAL SKILLS:
content	knowledge	· Application Software: Visual Basic, Oracle, DBMS.
content	knowledge	· Basic S/W Tools: MS Office
content	knowledge	· Operating Systems: Windows98, Windows 7 & 10, Windows XP.
content	knowledge	· Accounting Software :Tally ERP.9
content	knowledge	· Banking Application : Rumba, Jason, File net, Oasis & Web Ammo Etc.
header	knowledge	STRENGTHS:-
content	knowledge	· Positive attitude, Commitment towards Work.
content	knowledge	· Ability to learn quickly
content	knowledge	· Adapting to changing condition
content	knowledge	· Always open for Feedback
header	others	PERSONAL DETAILS:-
meta	others	· Father’s Name
meta	others	NOORULLA .D
meta	others	· Date of Birth
meta	others	24-11-1988
meta	others	· Gender MALE
meta	knowledge	· Languages Known English, Telugu, Kannada & Hindi
meta	others	· Marital Status
meta	others	Single
meta	others	DECLARATION:
meta	others	I hereby declared that the above mentioned information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.
meta	others	Place: Bangalore Mohammad Apsar.D
