header	others	RESUME
meta	others	RAJU OJHA
meta	others	Father’s Name : Mr. Amar Nath Ojha
meta	others	Address : C/O Amar Nath Ojha, Village-Nautan,
meta	others	Gohpur, Maharajgunj, Siwan
meta	others	Bihar - 841238
meta	experience	Contact No. : 08389009820/7978970010
meta	others	Date of Birth : 1ST December, 1988
meta	others	Marital status : Single
content	knowledge	Languages Known : English, Hindi, and Bengali.
meta	others	E-mail : rajuojha823@gmail.com
header	others	Career Objective
content	others	To acquire knowledge and skills to perform various responsible jobs, and to identify, develop and utilize my inner potentials with a view to add value to me and my organization. Being hard working and a quick learner, I cherish my desire to accept dynamic and challenging jobs.
header	education	Academic Qualifications
content	education	Examination
content	education	Year
content	education	Institution
content	education	Performance
content	education	B. Com. Hons.(J.P.University)
content	education	2010
content	education	Daroga Prasad Rai Degree College, Siwan
content	education	A
content	education	Class XII (ISC)
content	education	2007
content	education	Himalayan English School, Siliguri
content	education	A
content	education	Class X (ICSE)
content	education	2005
content	education	Himalayan English School, Siliguri
content	education	A
header	education	Extra Qualification
content	education	· SAP FICO from BRSP Technology, Kolkata 2018.
header	education	· Rollout Project assignment.
header	experience	Work Experience
content	experience	· Worked in Sun Knowledge Private Limited as a CSR from 9th Jan 2017 to 25th Aug’2017.
header	experience	Job Profile:
content	experience	· Billing for Providers to Insurance Company.
content	experience	· Payment posting..
content	experience	· Follow-up with the insurance company for Claim reimbursement.
content	experience	· Patient Follow-up for Invoices.
content	experience	· Worked at Wipro LTD. as an Process executive from 9th Nov 2015 to 8th sep’16.
header	experience	Job Profile:
content	experience	· Handling the Query of the service providers in Networking.
content	experience	· Worked at D.S.Engineering as a Store Keeper at Surat, Gujrat for a period of 2 year 9 months from 4th june’2012 to 23rd Mar’2015.
header	experience	Job Profile:
content	experience	· Accounts Executive, Branch Operation.
header	experience	Job Role:
content	experience	· Manages the day to day Accounting activities of the Firm.
content	experience	· Heads the Billing Section of the Firm.
header	others	Hobby
content	others	· Listening to music, playing games and making friends.
content	others	I do hereby that all the above statement are true in my knowledge.
meta	others	Date: ( )
meta	others	Place: RAJU OJHA
