meta	others	Bibek Mukherjee Mob: 9830082956
meta	others	Bansdroni Kolkata – 700070 , Email:bibek7588@gmail.com
header	experience	Professional Summary
content	experience	I possess a wide range of skills in systems installation, configuration, upgrading and maintenance. I have 7 years of experience working across several different platforms, such as Windows, Mac OS and Linux. I am committed to finding innovative solutions to a variety of IT problems, such as security, database management and technical troubleshooting. I can offer your organization exemplary support with network administration, effective project management and increased system performance.
header	experience	Work Experience
header	experience	Sr Systems & Network Support Administrator,
content	experience	Nerdy Turtlez Pvt Ltd. April 2018 – present
content	experience	· Managed Firewall (SOPHOS)& Internet Connection
content	experience	· Maintained Laptop. IP Phones
content	experience	· Performed regular maintenance of company computer peripheral
content	experience	· Resolving LAN/WAN Problem.
content	experience	· Configuring Router SwitchesAccess Point
content	experience	· Corrected hardware and software problem
content	experience	· Maintaining ILL/Broadband connection with different ISP.
header	experience	Systems Administrator,
content	experience	TechOrigin E services Pvt Ltd. May 2016 – Feb 2018
content	experience	· Mange Dialler ( VC DIAL / GO AUTODIALER )
content	experience	· Assessed system problems with the network, software or hardware components by running diagnostics, trying solutions and upgrading devices when necessary.
content	experience	· Surveyed network usage and logged various points of access to focus on improving system performance and limiting downtime.
content	experience	· Installed, configured, and provide troubleshooting for various server
header	experience	Sr Systems Support Executive,
content	experience	Kankei Relationship Marketing Services Pvt Ltd. July 2012 – April 2016
content	experience	· Day-to-day support on SQL Server and Maintains SQL related Applications
content	experience	· Manage Avhan Dialer and SQL database
content	experience	· Supervised and performed the installation of new IT network equipment, system software and desktop computer
content	experience	· Training new employees.
content	experience	· Ensure computer hardware is safe & complies with health and safety legislation.
content	experience	· Configured the network and system as per client requirement
content	experience	· Applying patches and updates in accordance with vender company procedures. .
content	experience	· Experience to direct facing customer and various vendor
content	experience	· Manage IT team prepare IT roster and distribute different shift
content	experience	· Directly responsible for documented and maintained supply of all required inventory
content	experience	· Experience as a Team Leader for projects and systems migrations.
content	experience	· Coordination with vendor with different level
content	experience	· Performed regular maintenance of company peripheral network devices -printers and scanners
content	experience	· Administered the creating and supporting of IT accounts and computer systems
content	experience	· Made use of Helpdesk systems to make work-load prioritization, to update calls.
content	experience	· Performed technical support, including escalation of problems to client and incident identification with subsequent resolution.
header	experience	IT - Executive,
content	experience	Kredent InfoTech Pvt Ltd. April 2010 – July 2012
content	experience	· Performed hardware and software installation.
content	experience	· Responsible for support for all windows system related issues
content	experience	· Hardware maintenance and repair
content	experience	· Installed, configured, and provide troubleshooting for Server 2003/2008
content	experience	· Managed printer operations.
content	experience	· Performed preventative maintenance on PC’s and peripherals.
content	experience	· Created images for various divisions for all desktops and laptops using Ghost.
content	experience	· Corrected hardware and software problem
content	experience	· Resolving LAN/WAN Problem.
header	education	Education and Training
content	education	Certified From IIHT, ACHNP
content	education	2010
content	education	BCOM, Burdwan University
content	education	2009
header	knowledge	Skills
content	knowledge	· Expert knowledge of operating systems such as Mac OS, Windows, Linux, UNIX
content	knowledge	· Experience in Cisco , DHCP, DNS, AVTIVE DIRECTORY
content	knowledge	· Extensive background in computers and networking systems, with abilities in building new systems, finding problems and fixing any issues.
content	knowledge	· Creative problem-solving skills that help me find unique and viable solutions to the toughest of problems.
content	knowledge	· Excellent critical thinker with a high level of logical understanding and a methodical process that analyses situations from every angle.
header	others	Hobbies and Interests
content	others	Photography, Travelling, Cooking
