meta	others	Dhurjati Chakraborty
meta	others	IT Project Engineer
meta	others	Mail: dhurjatichakraborty@gmail.com
meta	others	Contact: 8296934362 / 9206252804
meta	others	DOB: 1989-03-02
header	experience	Career Summary
content	experience	Having overall 2 years and 4 months of experience in Information security domain, Out of this around 1 year and 11 months of experience in Cyberark technology Privileged Account Management (version 8.6 and 9.8)
header	knowledge	Skills
content	knowledge	 Privileged Account Management v8.6 and 9.8
content	knowledge	 Security Basics
content	knowledge	 Auto It Script Dispatcher for Connection components
header	experience	Professional Experience
content	experience	Wipro Technologies, Bangalore
header	project	Project: Privileged Account Management v 8.6 and 9.8
content	experience	Role: Project Engineer
content	experience	Duration: (Dec 2015 – Till Date)
header	experience	Implementation Part:
content	experience	· Worked as an Implementation team while migrating Vault from old Data Center to new Data Center.
content	experience	· Developed AutoIT script which is used as a Dispatcher of PSM.
content	experience	· Created several connection components for the environment such as some weburls, exe files etc.
content	experience	· Safe Creation
content	experience	· Platform Creation
content	experience	· Accounts on-boarding
content	experience	· Providing proper privileges to Safes
content	experience	· Providing proper privileges to the Safe members
content	experience	· Verifying, Changing and Reconciling the passwords of the users
content	experience	· On-boarding the PSMConnect and PSMAdminConnect users to Cyberark.
content	experience	· Provided the Dual-Control access to some specific users.
content	experience	· Provided One-time Password for some specific users.
header	experience	Production Support:
content	experience	• Worked on multiple issues like Vault is down, PVWA URL is not opening, CPM is not changing the passwords, some users are not able to take RDP through PSM etc.
content	experience	• Handled an issue like Live session monitoring was unable to view for the Auditor as the storage space of PSMRecordings safe was overloaded.
content	experience	• Debugging and fixing several types of production issues (Vault, CPM, PVWA,PSM, DR)
content	experience	• Worked on Severity (P1-P5) Incidents and Tasks
header	experience	Tools Used:
content	experience	• Privileged Account Management Version 8.6 and Version 9.8
content	experience	• 2 Vaults in Windows clustering mode in an isolated domain
content	experience	• 3 Central Policy Managers and 2 Password Vault Web Access
content	experience	• 7 Privileged Session Managers of Windows 2008 R2
header	education	Certification
content	education	 CyberArk Certified Delivery Engineer (CCDE)
content	education	 Privileged Account Security Fundamentals
header	education	Academia
content	education	 Completed M.C.A. from Academy of Technology, Adisaptagram, West Bengal (2015)
content	education	 Completed B.C.A. from Seacom engineering College, Howrah, west Bengal (2012)
content	education	 Completed 12th from Margaret S.N. English H.S. School, Siliguri, West Bengal (2007)
content	education	 Completed 10th from Banimandir Railway H.S. School, Siliguri, West Bengal (2005)
header	knowledge	Personal Strength & Assets
content	knowledge	 Can easily adapt and adjust to new environments.
content	knowledge	 High level of self-motivation and an ability to motivate others.
content	knowledge	 Always a positive attitude with dedication to work with one goal i.e. Result.
header	knowledge	Languages:
content	knowledge	 English
content	knowledge	 Bengali
content	knowledge	 Hindi
content	others	I have furnished here with my resume for your kind perusal. If appointed, I assure you that I will perform my duties to the fullest satisfaction of myself to the well-being of concern.
meta	others	Date: 09-Nov-2017 Yours Sincerely,
meta	others	Place: Bangalore Dhurjati Chakraborty
