header	others	INDRANIL ROY CHOUDHURY
header	others	INDRANIL ROY CHOUDHURY
meta	others	+91-9830501278, +91-33- 24717100 || indranil_rose@yahoo.com
meta	others	Head HR Operations & Payroll for Bandhan Bank
header	experience	INTRODUCTION
content	experience	· Accomplished, Human Operations & Payroll expert with 14 years of rich and progressive experience in all facets of Human Resources Management. Managing and implementing the overall HR strategy and objectives for the line / business.
content	experience	· Presently designated as Head HR Operations & Payroll, reporting to Head of HR with Bandhan Bank for pan India. Commendable record of leading HR Operations, Statutory Compliance, MIS, Payroll Management, Vendor Liaisoning, Employee Life Cycle Management, etc.
content	experience	· Skilled in HR Business Partnering, Performance Management, Payroll Management and Statutory Compliance, HR Operations, Employee Relations, Grievance Handling, Escalation Management and Change Management.
content	experience	· Demonstrated outstanding ability in providing critical support in the development and implementation of human resources strategies that achieve optimal business results. Known for keen attention to develop innovative practices for organizational improvement.
content	experience	· Proven track record of success in streamlining HR processes and implementing cost control measures while maintaining high level of employee morale.
content	experience	· Seasoned Benefits Administrator with extensive experience designing initiatives for delivery of high-quality customer experience, elevating customer satisfaction, while adhering to the SLAs and work processes and thus managing cost-effective operations immaculately.
content	experience	· A strategically oriented professional with ability to manage the human resources function and organizational dynamics. Expertise in designing, creating, launching, and leading innovative programs to enhance corporate culture, improve employee performance, and support change across the organization.
content	experience	· Diligent in maintaining and updating knowledge of business concepts, principles, and practices, complemented with innate ability in providing executive support to executive management.
content	experience	· Leverage analytics, and transform organization’s business into strategic and operational deliverable. Foster an environment of continuous growth and succession planning. Build a world-class leadership team, focused on decision making, problem solving, and conflict management; exemplify proficiency in employee engagement, and organizational development.
content	experience	· Adept at effectively balancing organizational and employee needs in-line with company policy matters.
header	experience	COMPETENCY COVERS
content	experience	Human Resources Operations Management Strategic HR and Change Management
content	experience	Workforce Development & Training HRIS
content	experience	Benefits Administration Statutory Compliance
content	experience	Policy Development Payroll Governance
content	experience	Payroll Management Talent Management
content	experience	Employee Life Cycle Management Project Management
header	experience	PROFESSIONAL CONTOUR
content	experience	Since Apr’17
content	experience	Bandhan Bank Limited, Kolkata
content	experience	Head HR Operations & Payroll (Reports to Country Head HR)
content	experience	· Designing HR solutions aligning with strategic goals and objectives. Heading complete gamut of HR Operations & Payroll activities for 33 states spread across 978 branches, 3208 DSCs and 31000 head count.
content	experience	· Progressive responsibility in Human Resources culminating in a management role responsible for team leadership and oversight of a comprehensive human resource operations and payroll unit.
content	experience	· Managing day-to-day benefit administration, which included new hire orientation meetings as well as payroll and benefits systems update.
content	experience	· Rendering assistance to benefit manager in creating HR policies and procedures as well as auditing group benefits databases for accuracy.
content	experience	· Leveraging analytics and collaboration with executive staff to define core objectives and business mission. Foster an environment of continuous process and staff improvement.
content	experience	· Overseeing monthly staff evaluations and any necessary one-on-one coaching, corrective actions, and training programs.
content	experience	· Demonstrated exceptional leadership in directing 25 members - Senior Manager, Manager, AM, DM, Senior Officers and Officers.
content	experience	· Established a reputation for leading the restructure, retention, and reorganization of employee while handling grievance and escalations exit management policy formulation strategy.
content	experience	· Established successful relationships with management to enable change and drive employee engagement.
content	experience	· Played an integral role in evaluating compensation and performance and creating recommendations to drive higher productivity.
content	experience	· Applied team-based management style coupled with analytical skills to drive visions into reality and achieving the same through proactive, result oriented decision making and execution.
content	experience	· Handled Process Transition and Project Management
content	experience	· Process Re-engineering and HR Transformation
content	experience	· HR Advisory and Consulting Services
content	experience	· Process Analysis, Improvement and Integration
content	experience	· Service Delivery and SLA Management
content	experience	· Managing complex transformations, process harmonization, and As Is Process Migrations.
content	experience	· Overseeing labour compliance and regulatory HR reporting as well for the Bank.
content	experience	· Responsible for HRIS and data analytics.
content	experience	· Overall Payroll Management and governance.
content	experience	· Overseeing labour compliance and regulatory HR reporting as well for the Bank.
content	experience	Aug’06 –Mar’17
header	experience	HSBC Bank
content	experience	Assistant Manager, HR ( Generalist Profile ) Aug’06 – Jan’08
content	experience	Manager, HR Ops & Payroll Feb 08 – Dec’10
content	experience	Senior Manager, HR Ops & Payroll Jan’11 – Dec’13
content	experience	AVP HR Operations & Business Support, Eastern India Jan’14 – Mar’17
content	experience	· Instrumental in handling end to end HR Operations
content	experience	· Expert working knowledge on People Soft, Oracle and Taleo
content	experience	· Played an instrumental role in implementing People Soft.
content	experience	· HR Operations include the entire life cycle management of the organization
content	experience	· Responsible for entire payroll governance of Eastern India for the Bank
content	experience	· Responsible for handling employee onboarding to exit management
content	experience	· Responsible for full and final settlements
content	experience	· Adept in handling HRIS
content	experience	· Exhibited exemplary performance in handling labour inspections by government bodies.
content	experience	· MIS and Reporting
content	experience	· Employee File Management
content	experience	· Employee Loans and Advances.
content	experience	· Employee Background Verification and Consequence Management
content	experience	· Other Employee Benefits and Schemes / Benefits Administration and Vendor Development, negotiation, etc. Handled the entire Vendor Governance.
content	experience	· Change Management
content	experience	· Involved in Projects leading to Process and Service Excellence and Cost Saving Initiatives.
content	experience	· Year end Income Tax and Form 16 activities
content	experience	· Policy Development
content	experience	· Handled a team of 10 employees
content	experience	· Handled internal and external Audits successfully with no repeat comments.
content	experience	· Driving HRIS System Enhancements
content	experience	· Handled HR Help Desk as the one but last level escalation matrix.
content	experience	Apr’05-Aug’06
content	experience	ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Co. Ltd. Kolkata
content	experience	Associate
content	experience	Customer Service & Operations
content	experience	· Improved Customer Service & Operations matrix by:
content	experience	· Rendering and achieving quality services
content	experience	· Resolving customer complaints on various kinds of bottlenecks and hiccups.
content	experience	· Drove team engagement in business to ensure the best E-SAT score
content	experience	· Tasked with the design of comprehensive business solutions that sustain branch operations to improve services standards and extend sales support to team.
content	experience	· Motivated personnel to rise above the standard and attaining cross sales to improvise branch sales score.
content	experience	· Carried out internal audits with no repeat comments.
content	experience	Oct’03-Dec’04
content	experience	Oberoi Grand, Kolkata
content	experience	Operations Trainee (HR)
content	experience	· Undertook a study of:
content	experience	· HR practices and submitted a report on the same.
content	experience	· Employee motivation survey along with statistical analysis & recommendations.
content	experience	· Identifying and defining balance between organizational needs, employee needs and customer needs and how they could be better aligned.
content	experience	· Member of the core team, engaged in:
content	experience	· Payroll operations, Salary, Leave, Taxation, etc for entire staff.
content	experience	· Recruitment of the lower and middle level management staff.
header	education	SCHOLASTIC
content	education	2016
content	education	MBA (HRM)
content	education	ICFAI
content	education	2015
content	education	LLB (Bar Council of India Affiliated)
content	education	Vinova Bhabe University, Jharkhand
content	education	2009
content	education	CAIIB (Certified Associate of Indian Institute of Bankers)
content	education	IIBF (Indian Institute of Banking & Finance)
content	education	2005
content	education	M.Com.
content	education	Calcutta University
content	education	2003
content	education	B.Com. (Hons.)
content	education	St. Xavier’s College
header	others	NOTABLE ACCOMPLISHMENTS
content	others	· HSBC Champions Award for Payroll Integration of Bank and its entities in 2016 as a part of Project Flash.
content	others	· HSBC HR Innovative Mind Award for launching CELL (Compliance to Employment and Labour Laws) in 2014
content	others	· HSBC Dynamo Award” in 2012 for stupendous performance in the year 2012 as a whole rendering superb support to business stake holders.
content	others	· HSBC Thanks Award for successfully conducting SPARSH, an industry academia meet in 2011
header	others	PERSONAL DETAILS
meta	others	· Date of Birth: 28thApril 1981
meta	knowledge	· Languages Known: English, Hindi and Bengali
meta	others	· Address: 5/3 Naktala Road, Post: Naktala, Kolkata 700047
meta	others	· Status: Married
