meta	others	SUMA.G
meta	others	Cell: +91-9642268541,+91-7386442596
meta	others	Email id: suma.gali14@gmail.com
meta	others	Flat No:302, Mirra Residency 2, Plot No: 42 & 43, Aurabinda Colony, Opp: Dr Reddy Labs, Miyapur-500049, HYD
header	others	CAREER OBJECTIVE:-
content	others	Seeking a challenging position as accounts payable specialist to gain more knowledge in same stream and growing along with the organization and achieve planned goal on or before TAT Time.
header	education	EDUCATION: -
content	education	· Post Graduation Diploma in Management, in Finance (2014-2016)(Vishwa Vishwani School of business)
content	education	· Bachelors in Commerce (2011-2014) (GVR&S degree college for women’s)
header	experience	WORK EXPERIENCE: -
content	experience	GE Energy Apex Accounts Payable– I am having 20 months of experience in Accounts payable Departments. As I have taken initiations of a team (Training, and resolving people issues), CST and Holds resolution Team (Handling Escalations & Issues related to Invoice and payments)
content	experience	Company : Genpact from 30th April 2016 to 1st Jan 2018
content	experience	Process : GE APEX (Accounts Payable Excellence)
content	experience	Designation : Process Associate (PA)
content	experience	Application : SAP (Fico end user)&Oracle
header	experience	JOB DESCRIPTION: -
content	experience	· Working on SAP Fico version (Gui720) and Oracle ERP’s.
content	experience	· Processing of PO’s, NON PO’s and Pre Approved Invoices.
content	experience	· Route invoices for appropriate approvals
content	experience	· Resolve open invoices and issues with vendors.
content	experience	· Working on Expedite requests which are raised by the buyer on behalf of the supplier.
content	experience	· Raising Debit memos when required to knock off the duplicate payments.
content	experience	· Handling Problem tickets raised by Buyers and Vendors.
content	experience	· Worked with the internal audit team.
content	experience	· Detecting the errors committed by internal team in the form of auditing and re-correcting it.
content	experience	· Maintaining the error report.
content	experience	· Working on supplier’s emails and business escalations.
content	experience	· Place the invoices on the block.
content	experience	· Coordinating with business users in resolving technical issues.
content	experience	· Resolving supplier queries through calls, mails and problem tickets.
content	experience	· Set appointments with vendors by phone to discuss the issues related to payments, refunds and Discount issues.
content	experience	· Perform month end analysis.
header	experience	MAINTAIN ACCOUNTS PAYABLE DEPARTMENT OF GE BUSINESS ACCOUNTS AS FOLLOWS: -
content	experience	· GE Measurement and control (MCS) (SAP).
content	experience	· GE Oil and GAS (Oracle and SAP).
content	experience	· GE Power and Water (Oracle and SAP).
content	experience	· GE Vectogray (Oracle)
content	experience	· GE Industrial Solutions (SAP)
content	experience	· GE Electricals (Oracle)
content	experience	· GE Power Max (SAP)
content	experience	· GE Repairs (SAP)
header	experience	CORE COMPETENCIES: -
content	experience	· Team player
content	experience	· Polite telephone manner
content	experience	· Problem solving
content	experience	· Keen attitude and adaptability
content	experience	· Analytical Skills
header	knowledge	TECHNICAL SKILLS: -
content	knowledge	· MS Office
content	knowledge	· Oracle
content	knowledge	· SAP – End user
content	knowledge	· knowledge of key accounting principles and procedures
header	others	AWARDS AND ACHIEVEMENTS: -
content	others	· Appreciations from clients through Calls and Emails
content	others	· Taken additional responsibility in work station apart from work by participating in Events conducted in organization.
content	others	· Gave Lean Idea for betterment of process.(relates to betterment of process).
header	others	AREA OF INTEREST:
content	others	· Taking new challenges and responsibilities.
header	others	PERSONAL PROFILE:
header	others	Marital Status
meta	others	: Married
header	others	Gender
meta	others	: Female
header	others	Nationality
meta	others	: Indian
header	others	Date of Birth
meta	others	: 14thFeb 1994
header	knowledge	Languages Known
meta	knowledge	: English, Telugu and Hindi
header	others	Permanent Address
meta	others	: Narasaraopet, Guntur(Dist),A.P(State).
header	others	DECLARATION:
meta	others	I hereby declare that the above mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above mentioned particulars
header	others	Date :
meta	others	Place : Signature (SUMA G)
