meta	others	DEEPTI SEHGAL
header	others	OBJECTIVE
content	others	Intend to work in a challenging and productive environment with prospects of learning and where knowledge and creativity can lead to growth.
header	experience	WORK EXPERIENCE
content	experience	01. Currently working with Aadharshila Vidyapeeth, as Administrative Officer from
content	experience	April, 2011. Profile includes coordination between the Staff and the Management.
header	experience	Responsibilities:
content	experience	· Working as part of the Administrative Team, supporting the Administrative Department, responsible for the day to day task and administrative duties of the office as incharge.
content	experience	· To facilitate development of office operations manually; training new administrative personnel.
content	experience	· Processing pupil admissions in accordance with admission policy of DoE.
content	experience	· Coordinate recruitment events, resourcing of candidates and appropriately advertising for recruiting place-able staff.
content	experience	· Correspondence communication with DoE and CBSE.
content	experience	· Opened, sorted and distributed incoming messages and correspondence.
content	experience	· To communicate with multiple department to coordinate meetings.
content	experience	· To draft Meeting Agendas between management and staff, executing follow up for meeting.
content	experience	· Updating processing & filing of all the documents.
content	experience	· Providing reports, as required, reporting to senior management.
content	experience	· Organizing workshops educational / professional & events for staff and students.
content	experience	02. Worked with Aadharshila Vatika as a Pre-School Coordinator from April, 2008 to March, 2010.
content	experience	03. Worked with Himalaya Foundation School as Teacher from April, 2006 –March 2008.
header	education	ACADEMIC CREDENTIALS
content	education	01. B.A. from Delhi University in 2004.
content	education	02. Senior Secondary from CBSE in 2001.
content	education	03. Higher Secondary from CBSE in 1999.
header	education	PROFESSIONAL CREDENTIALS
content	education	01. B.Ed. from Jammu University.
content	education	02. Knowledge of Application Software like MS Office (Word, Excel, Powerpoint), Internet.
content	knowledge	SYNOPSIS
content	knowledge	· Possess leadership skills with the ability to mentor, motivate the team.
content	knowledge	· Sincere and Loyal towards work.
content	knowledge	· Ability to work with team
content	knowledge	· Ability to motivate others
content	knowledge	· Positive Attitude
content	knowledge	· Ability to face challenges.
header	others	HOBBIES
content	others	· Reading
content	others	· Travelling
header	others	PERSONAL DETAILS
meta	others	Date of Birth : 08.08.1984
meta	others	Contact Address : VP-55 C, Maurya Enclave, Pitampura, Delhi
meta	others	Email : deeptisehgal08@gmail.com
meta	others	Contact No. : 9971720041
meta	knowledge	Linguistic proficiency : English, Hindi
meta	others	Package : 5.6 Lacks
meta	others	Total Experience : 12 Years.
meta	others	DEEPTI SEHGAL
