meta	others	L Arokiamary Christi
meta	others	L. Arokiamary Christi
meta	others	A – Flat, R.C. Vishranthi
meta	others	49/5 Vandikaaran Street
meta	others	Guindy
meta	others	Chennai 600 032
meta	others	Ph: +91 44 43322197
meta	others	Mobile: +91 91766 70671
meta	others	e-mail: christijoseph@gmail.com
meta	others	Highly organized, enthusiastic person seeking a position to compete and be creatively supportive in a challenging environment that delivers optimal customer satisfaction and continuous development in the field of information technology.
header	knowledge	Technical Skills/Proficiencies
content	knowledge	· Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7
content	knowledge	· Hardware & Internet Troubleshooting;
content	knowledge	· MS OFFICE
content	knowledge	· Quality Management, BPO Operations professional with more than 5 years of BPO experience
header	experience	Professional Experience:
content	experience	1. Working as Process Lead in UST Global, Chennai since August 2007 till date.
content	experience	· Presently working for a Pilot Process (Catalina) from November 2009
content	experience	· Was part of transitioning the Outbound Process from USA
content	experience	· Got trained for the Process in Onsite (Florida, USA)
content	experience	· Currently handling a team of 10 members for Inbound and Outbound Process
content	experience	· Direct call center operations as a liaison between clients and team members
content	experience	· Administer performance management by diagnosing improvement opportunities, providing effective feedback, training and corrective action plans.
content	experience	· Conduct group training sessions to enhance the process.
content	experience	· Monitor interaction between agents and callers to ensure quality assurance standards.
content	experience	· Provide team with the vision of project objectives, motivate and inspire team members and effective counseling as needed.
content	experience	· Handling escalation calls of resources requiring supervisory intervention in the capacity of process expert
content	experience	· Continuous interaction with the client to ensure client specification adherence.
content	experience	· Training the team based on the audit reports to ensure that the errors are not repeated and the team meets the SLAs.
content	experience	· Take proactive measures to ensure that there is no workflow error by an agent by checking their tickets and daily calls.
content	experience	· Was one of the few for the successful signing of the contract for the process
content	experience	· Prior to this was working for mortgage related department for US based clients
content	experience	· Assigning work to appraiser and reviewing the relevant document
content	experience	· Talking to the county offices in the USA to register documents
content	experience	· Quality auditing and reporting
content	experience	· Preparing quality documents and reports
content	experience	Currently Holding a B1-US VISA valid till November 2019
content	experience	2. Worked as Senior Process Executive in Cognizant Technology Solutions, Chennai since January 2007 till August 2007.
header	experience	· Worked for the subrogation unit of a health care insurance in the USA
content	experience	· Speaking to members and identifying the case for subrogation
content	experience	· Identifying the case for subrogation from mail and web response
content	experience	· Managing and updating customer database.
header	experience	3. Worked as Customer Support Associate in Allianz Cornhill Information Services, Trivandrum since October 2005 till January 2007.
content	experience	· Worked as a claims analyst
content	experience	· Handling of queries regarding insurance for customers in UK
content	experience	· Online renewal of insurance policies
content	experience	· Authorizing and declining claims with regards to extended warranty
content	experience	· Creating and canceling policies
content	experience	· Handling the team in the absence of team leader
content	experience	· Managing and updating customer database.
header	others	Achievements
content	others	· Best Performer for the month of February, October, November, December 2006
content	others	· Completed the Certificate of General Insurance
content	others	· Managing and updating training documents
header	experience	4. Worked as Technical Support Executive in HCLBPO, Chennai from August 2004 to October 2005.
content	experience	· Troubleshooting and solving queries regarding internet and networking faced by customers in USA
content	experience	· Resolving connectivity issues
content	experience	· Have a thorough knowledge of internet and networking concepts
content	experience	· Managing and updating customer & client database.
content	experience	· Well conversant with Internet Technologies.
header	experience	5. Worked as Sr. Executive – Quality from October 1996 to November 2002 and as External Consultant from November 2002 to February 2004 in PentaMedia Graphics Ltd., Chennai.
content	experience	· Implementing Quality procedures as per ISO and SEI CMM Standards
content	experience	· Regularly attending Internal Quality Audits and ISO Surveillance Audit
content	experience	· Maintaining Metrics, Point Count for on going projects
content	experience	· Effectively managing and analyzing MIS
content	experience	· International Business Development, interacting with overseas customers’ delegates
content	experience	· Qualitatively faced the first ISO Audit in 1997 when the company was certified ISO 9001
content	experience	· Member of the FAR Group during the SEI CMM Level 3 and Level 4 assessment in 1999 and 2000 respectively
content	experience	· Achieved Special Quality appreciation and produced all documents on time nullifying NCRs
header	education	Educational Qualifications
content	education	· B.Sc., Zoology from Stella Maris College (Autonomous) Chennai in April 1994
content	education	· M.A., Public Administration from University of Madras in May 1998
content	education	· Multimedia program from Pentafour Software & Exports Ltd. in June 1996
header	others	Personal Details
header	others	Father’s Name
meta	others	:
meta	others	G. Leo Joseph
header	others	Date of Birth
meta	others	:
meta	others	2nd June 1973
header	others	Gender
meta	others	:
meta	others	Female
header	others	Marital Status
meta	others	:
meta	others	Unmarried
header	others	Nationality
meta	others	:
meta	others	Indian
header	knowledge	Languages known
meta	others	:
meta	knowledge	Tamil, English, French
meta	others	Currently Holding a B1-US VISA valid for 10 years till November 2019
