meta	others	Sasi Reddy
meta	others	Anandha Kumar VM
meta	others	#301 Chennakeshava Complexes,
meta	others	Manjunath Tent House,
meta	others	manianand14@gmail.com
meta	others	Marathahalli,
meta	others	Mobile no: +91-8197993059
meta	others	Bangalore-37.
header	others	Career Objective
content	others	Seeking a challenging career where utilizes my skills in my area of competence and enriches my knowledge, and gives me a chance to be part of a team that contributes towards the growth of the organization, thereby yielding the twin benefits of job satisfaction and professional growth.
header	experience	Professional Experiences
content	experience	Company
content	experience	: Accenture Services Pvt, Ltd
content	experience	Designation
content	experience	: Financial Analyst
content	experience	Process
content	experience	: General Ledger
content	experience	Job Profile in Accenture: Jan 2015-Till date,
content	experience	· Preparing monthly cash reconciliation for multiple subsidiaries.
content	experience	· Performing monthly Reconciliation for all the subsidiaries which includes processing the journal entries.
content	experience	· Prepared and analyzed income statement and balance sheet schedules in preparation for the sale of the company.
content	experience	· Performing monthly capitalization process.
content	experience	· Preparing GST calculation and lodgment of tax to the Australian taxation on every month.
content	experience	· Preparing the Intercompany and Intracompany reconciliations.
content	experience	· Analysis the Intercompany transaction and identify the mismatches between Entity and Counterparties.
content	experience	· Follow up with the counterparties and regions to fix the mismatches.
content	experience	· Ensuring all the prior period significant Intercompany breakages are cleared.
content	experience	· Interfacing with Internal/ Statutory Auditors and providing them with all necessary documents.
content	experience	· Investigating and resolving the Adhoc queries in a timely manner.
content	experience	· Preparing Financial Summary report for board meeting twice in a year.
content	experience	· Updating and maintain a journal tracker on month end close and providing the status to a Delivery Lead.
content	experience	· Identify and implement process improvement.
content	experience	· Updating the process documents as per changes in the process.
content	experience	· Work with team and help them to perform the activities on time and with accuracy.
content	experience	· Provide training to new joiners and creating a backup to ensure business continuity.
content	experience	Previous Employer I
content	experience	Company
content	experience	: First American India Pvt, Ltd
content	experience	Designation
content	experience	: Accounts Associate
content	experience	Process
content	experience	: General Ledger
content	experience	Job Profile in First American (India): Aug 2012-Dec 2014
content	experience	· Prepared month end close journal entries.
content	experience	· Performed monthly reconciliation process accounts pertaining to Accruals, Escheat and Payroll.
content	experience	· Updating of transaction details in the reconciliation based on categories provided in Sub-Ledger Schedule in month wise format based on Company Codes and Cost Center being reported.
content	experience	· Reconciliation Completion process includes uploading of Reconciliation file into Blackline Application Software for review and certification.
content	experience	· Additional Responsibility includes preparation of SOP (Standard Operating Procedure).
content	experience	Academic Qualifications
content	experience	· MBA-Finance from Erode Sengunthar Engineering College, Erode in 2010.
content	experience	· Bachelor of Commerce (B.com) from KMG College of Arts & Science, Gudiyattam in 2007.
header	knowledge	Technical Skills
content	knowledge	· MS Office – Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Outlook
content	knowledge	· SharePoint Application, Black line Application
content	knowledge	· Oracle, SAP, Tally ERP 9.
header	others	Achievements
content	others	· Rewards & Recognition Award for Outstanding performance in First American India Pvt Ltd.
content	others	· Achieved thrice Star of Business award for Best performance in Accenture Services Pvt Ltd.
header	others	Personal information
header	others	Date of birth
meta	others	: 26-01-1987
header	others	Father Name
meta	others	: T.V. Mani
header	others	Marital Status
meta	others	: Single
header	others	Nationality
meta	others	: Indian
header	knowledge	Languages Known
meta	knowledge	: English, Tamil and Kannada
header	others	Place
meta	others	: Bangalore
header	others	Date
meta	others	:
