meta	others	DIVYA KURIAN
meta	others	DIVYA KURIAN
meta	others	Venkateshwara PG
meta	others	No.91/1, Doopanahalli
meta	others	100 feet road, HAL 2nd stage, Bangalore
meta	others	divyakurian11@gmail.com | 9620116672
header	others	OBJECTIVE
content	others	Human Resource Management professional aiming for a challenging Human Resource assignment with a leading organization to focus on my abilities so as to work towards achievement of the company’s goal and also to strengthen my skills and learning .
header	experience	PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
content	experience	Nidhusoft Solutions
content	experience	HR Manager January 2016 – Till Date
content	experience	· Completing recruitment procedures and selection as per staffing projections.
content	experience	· Conducting the interview, salary negotiation and offer release.
content	experience	· Employee life cycle: Conduct on boarding, joining formalities, inductions, employee records, background verification, file generation and documentation.
content	experience	· Handling the procedures for visa and work permit.
content	experience	· Payroll Management
content	experience	· Defining plans, policies and procedures for the operational efficiency and employee development. Resolving employee grievances.
content	experience	· Coordinating with clients and consultants for the procedures.
content	experience	· Coordinating with chartered accountant for tax computation, coordinating with employees to ease the tax filing process.
content	experience	· Processed the exit interview, full & final settlement and released service certificates after ensuring that the employees owed no dues.
content	experience	· Office administration
content	experience	Mahajyothis limited
content	experience	Executive: HR and Recruitment July 2015 - December 2015
content	experience	· Recruitment Cycle: Identification of vacancy, understanding the requirement, sourcing by qualification and experience, applying the sources eligibility criteria of recruitment. Screening the resumes, conducting telephonic round of interview and scheduling personal interviews with concerned department heads, short listing the candidate, conducting the final round and finalizing the candidates.
content	experience	· Maintaining daily/weekly/monthly reports such as interview status reports, closure reports and feedback reports.
content	experience	· Employee life cycle: Conduct on boarding joining formalities of employees, background
content	experience	verification, employee engagement, employee database.
content	experience	· Employee database and attendance management. Maintain leaves and attendance.
content	experience	· Preparing and rolling out exit documents like relieving and experience letters.
content	experience	· Conducting training and development programs for employees on weekly basis.
content	experience	Source One Management Services Pvt.Ltd
content	experience	HR Executive October 2014 - July 2015
content	experience	· Analyzing the requirement of organization, resourcing, screening and short listing resumes through various job portals. Identifying right candidates with required skill set, experience, and make sure that it should match with the requirement as per the client.
content	experience	· Analyzing quality profile and contact them through phone or email and short list the profiles sourced and sending it to the respective hiring managers, recruit the people and follow up the candidates.
content	experience	· Preparing reports on the number of closure, internal movements, and offer decline numbers to ensure the flow of work to reach the aspire rates.
header	knowledge	PERSONAL SKILLS
content	knowledge	A team player, target oriented, quick learner, positive attitude, organizing and smooth handling of tasks, ability to manage several assignments simultaneously & open to learn new task.
header	knowledge	EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION
content	knowledge	Pursued B.E in Electronics and communication engineering from Visveswaraya Technological University
header	others	PERSONAL DETAILS
meta	others	DOB
meta	others	:20th November 1988
header	knowledge	Languages known
meta	knowledge	:English, Malayalam and Kannada
meta	others	Permanent address
meta	others	:Unniyappallil (H), Kottody (po)
meta	others	Kasaragod (Dist.), Kerala
