meta	others	SHWETHA NAYAK
meta	others	#31, 3rd Cross, 3rd Block Email: shwethaprabhu94@gmail.com Jawaraih garden, T R Nagar, Mobile No: +91 8884043563
meta	others	Bangalore-560028
header	experience	PROFILE:
content	experience	· Professional with over 2 years of experience in Financial Management (Cloud line of Business, Cash/Credit Management, Taxes, Dispute Management), Operations and Client Services.
content	experience	· Achieve SLA targets with customer satisfaction as the prime objective.
content	experience	· Excellent written and verbal communication skills, Email writing & Problem solving skills.
content	experience	Operational Expertise in:
content	experience	· High level of Customer Services
content	experience	· Collaborate & Share Knowledge
content	experience	· Query Management
content	experience	· Training & Development
content	experience	· Follow-ups & Weekly Calls
header	experience	Career Experience:
header	experience	Professional Synopsis:
content	experience	· Experienced & have practical knowledge in Cash Management to deliver at the optimal standards. Client Services, training, query handling
content	experience	· Customer service executive handling inbound and outbound calls
content	experience	Organizational Experience:
content	experience	Oracle Pvt Ltd (Sept-2017 to April– 2018)
content	experience	Core Responsibilities as Collection Analyst (Sept-2017 to April– 2018)
content	experience	· Interacting with Oracle’s external and internal clients through telephone
content	experience	& weekly con-calls and via emails regarding billing queries, invoice
content	experience	related to issues and collecting on outstanding invoices.
content	experience	· Other responsibilities include following up with clients for payment
content	experience	Status, thorough researching of customer’s Purchase Orders and
content	experience	Ordering Documents, recognizing invoicing errors and submitting for
content	experience	Credit Memo and Re-bill and also helping the team to achieve their
content	experience	target.
content	experience	· Sending collection dunning to the customer and following up with them
content	experience	for invoice payment and Interacting with sales if customer nonresponsive or if there is some dispute
content	experience	· Mentoring the newcomers to impart skill transfer and best practices
content	experience	during their On-Job Training Process.
header	experience	Contribution:
content	experience	· Received extra miler award in Infosys.
content	experience	· Awarded as the Best team performer in collecting highest income tax to the department.
content	experience	· Awarded as Oracle Best Cloud Cash Analyst for achieving 115% cash for the quarter.
content	experience	Infosys (Jan-2016 to Sept-2017)
content	experience	Process Executive Accountabilities: (Jan-2016 to Sept-2017)
content	experience	· Articulate and very effective working with people of different backgrounds and temperament.
content	experience	· Share knowledge with colleagues and team so as to propagate a “winning team” approach.
content	experience	· Mentor and train on business process for new joiners and other team members
content	experience	· Cooperative work with others to produce and deliver required work
content	experience	· Successfully managing and organizing personal time and work load
content	experience	· Solving the queries of Agents & Preparing Weekly Reports and Monthly Reports.
content	experience	· Taking steps to improve the performance of weak performers.
header	education	Academic Chronicle:
content	education	· Completed BBM with 1st class from SDMCBM in the year 2015
content	education	· Completed PUC with 1st class from Canara Pre University in the year 2012
content	education	· Completed SSLC with 1st class from Canara High School in the year 2010
header	others	Personal Details
meta	others	· Date of Birth : 05th September 1994
meta	others	· Education : BBM April 2015 SDMCBM (Mangalore University).
meta	others	· Marital Status : Married
meta	knowledge	· Linguistic abilities: English, Kannada, Hindi, Konkani.
meta	others	· Passport : PO479978 – valid until 06/05/2026
header	knowledge	Technical and Soft Skills:
meta	knowledge	· Strong MS Office Skills particularly Excel and Word.
meta	knowledge	· Oracle cloud applications
meta	knowledge	· C programming
meta	knowledge	· Competent with High energy and level of commitment , willing and quick to learn, Outstanding team player with Time Management, Communication & Presentation skills.
meta	knowledge	· Strong analytical, Problem-solving abilities.
header	others	Declaration:
meta	others	I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge
meta	others	Shwetha Nayak
meta	others	Bangalore
meta	others	2
