meta	others	Mobile: 9733954229
meta	others	APURBA KARAR Email: apurbakarar12@gmail.com
header	experience	[A] Summary:
content	experience	1. Total working experience of 6 months in IT.
content	experience	1. Working as Application Developer in the current project for a small project.
content	experience	1. Quick learner and adoptable to conditions in very quick time.
content	experience	1. Good in being acquainted with latest technologies.
content	experience	1. Individual contributor to the current project.
content	knowledge	1. Hands on experience in Core PHP.
content	knowledge	1. Hands on experience in MySql.
content	knowledge	1. Hands on experience in JavaScript.
header	experience	[B] Career Highlights:
content	experience	1) Working as freelancer with an Indian Client from January 2018.
header	knowledge	[C] Skillsets:
content	knowledge	Programming Languages : C (BASIC), C++, Visual basic, Asp.net, Html, Css,
content	knowledge	Javascript, Ajax, Jquery, Bootstrap, Php, Mysql.
content	knowledge	Applications known : MS Office, MS SQL Server management studio, Visual Studio.
content	knowledge	Operating Platforms : Windows Vista, Windows XP, Linux, Windows 7, 8, 8.1,10.
header	project	[D] Project Experience
meta	others	1)
content	experience	Durgapur, India January 2018 – april 2018
content	experience	ABS ACADEMY. It’s a college website. It has an admin panel to control the data dynamically. In front end student can see that information which is added by the admin. And student can send query to college.
content	experience	Project Details:
content	experience	Project: ABS ACADEMY (Client India)
content	experience	Role: Requirement Gathering, Development, Testing
content	experience	Technology: Asp.net, Sql server, JavaScript.
content	experience	Language: HTML, CSS
content	experience	Database Sql server
meta	others	2)
content	experience	Kolkata, India May 2018 – till now
content	experience	JDGFX, this is a small portfolio of a company. It has an admin panel to control the data dynamically.
content	experience	Project Details:
content	experience	Project: JDGFX (Client India)
content	experience	Role: Requirement Gathering, Development, Testing
content	knowledge	Technology: PHP, MySQL, JavaScript.
content	knowledge	Language: HTML, CSS
content	knowledge	Database MySQL
header	experience	Project Scope & Responsibilities:
content	experience	· Involved in conversations with the business users to understand the requirements and put the initial logic together to build a prototype.
content	experience	· Communicate with clients on change request requirements to understand the specifics of the changes provide impact analysis and advice on effective implementation of the change.
content	experience	· Development and test the implemented requirements and deploy them to the test server.
header	education	[E] Education:
content	education	BCA(H) from ABS ACADEMY OF SCIENCE,
content	education	1. TECHNOLOGY AND MANAGEMENT, MAULANA ABUL KALAM AZAD UNIVERSITY OF TECHNOLOGY, West Bengal, India, 2018 with 8.15 Average till 6th Sem.
content	education	1. 12th in Arts, West Bengal Board of Higher Secondary Education, West Bengal, India, 2015 with 65%.
content	education	1. 10th in General, West Bengal Board of Secondary Education, West Bengal, India, 2013 with 40%.
header	others	[F] Personal Details:
meta	others	1. Date of Birth: 05.02.1998
meta	others	1. Marital Status : Single
meta	others	1. Gender : Male
meta	knowledge	1. Languages Known : English, Hindi , Bengali
meta	others	1. Nationality : Indian
meta	others	Top of Form
meta	others	Bottom of Form
meta	others	Top of Form
meta	others	Bottom of Form
