meta	others	AMARENDRA SAHOO
meta	others	Plot No.:-6/H.No.:-5-62, Mallikarjuna Colony, OldBowenpally-500011
meta	others	Secundrabad , Telengana, MobileNo:8327762263, Email :talk2amarendra@gmail.com
meta	others	(
meta	others	CAREER
meta	others	OBJECTIVE:
meta	others	)
content	others	To obtain a challenging position in a Leading Edge organization, by utilizing my knowledge and the skills, abilities obtained through my experience and education, with the opportunity for the development of Organization along with the professional growth.
meta	others	(
header	education	ACADEMIC BACKGROUND:
meta	others	)
content	education	· Master of Computer Application at Fakir Mohan University, Balasore, Odisha 2011-2014.
meta	others	· (
header	experience	WORK EXPERIENCE
meta	others	:
content	experience	)Bachelor in Computer Application at Utkal University, Bhubaneswar, Odisha, 2007-2010.
content	experience	· Worked with Tata Projects Limited as a Desktop Support Engineer from May 2017 to September 2018.
content	experience	· Past worked in I Solution India Pvt Ltd as a Desktop Support Engineer from to December 2015 to March 2017.
content	experience	· Past Worked in Indusind Bank as a Customer Support Engineer from Feb 2015 to Oct 2015.
header	project	Project # 3 (Tata Projects Limited)
content	experience	Project Name: Six Lining of Chittorgarh – Udaipur Section of NH-76 Road Project.
content	experience	DESCRIPTION: It is projects of Tata Projects Limited Networking and support of Tata Projects IT Business 2 Business support, IT infrastructure.
content	experience	Team Size - 4 Engineer
header	experience	Roles & Responsibilities:
content	experience	· system administration ,desktop support, Business 2 business support
content	experience	· TCP/IP protocols
content	experience	· Windows and Mac systems
content	experience	· Installed new software and hardware and set up user accounts and passwords
content	experience	· Troubleshooting, creating, and updating firewall policies
content	experience	· Finding and fixing faults in the network systems
content	experience	· Creating new OU, Group, User in active directory and password reset, lockout issues etc.
content	experience	· Troubleshooting DHCP related issues at server and at user end.
content	experience	· Joining Workstation in domain and troubleshooting domain related issues at user end.
content	experience	· Responsible for WSUS patch update at end-user level.
content	experience	· Troubleshooting and installing Anti viruses at end user level.
content	experience	· Troubleshooting & configuring Outlook 2007, 2010, 2013 & 2016 related issues.
content	experience	· Troubleshooting Desktop & laptop related issues
content	experience	· Assigning new Laptop to user with all standard software, OS window 7, Windows 8 and Windows 10 etc. installed and joined in domain.
content	experience	· Troubleshooting proxy related issues.
content	experience	· Troubleshooting & installation of all application required for the business process.
content	experience	· Troubleshooting printer & scanner related issues
content	experience	· Inventory management of all the assets i.e. Computer, Laptops, Router, switches etc. in stock
content	experience	· Providing L1 hardware support and call logging of hardware related issues. Troubleshooting Wi-Fi& LAN related issue at user end.
header	project	Project # 2 (I solution India Pvt Ltd)
content	project	Project Name : Internal IT
content	experience	DESCRIPTION: It is project of I solution IT Helpdesk and support of I solution IT Business 2 Business support, IT infrastructure.
content	experience	Team Size - 5 Engineers
header	experience	Roles & Responsibilities:
content	experience	· system administration ,desktop support, Business 2 business support
content	experience	· Creating new OU, Group, User in active directory and password reset, lockout issues etc.
content	experience	· Troubleshooting DHCP related issues at server and at user end.
content	experience	· Joining Workstation in domain and troubleshooting domain related issues at user end.
content	experience	· Responsible for WSUS patch update at end-user level.
content	experience	· Troubleshooting and installing Anti viruses at end user level.
content	experience	· Troubleshooting & configuring Outlook 2007, 2010 & 2013 related issues.
content	experience	· Troubleshooting Desktop & laptop related issues
content	experience	· Assigning new Laptop to user with all standard software, OS window 7 and Windows 8 etc. installed and joined in domain.
content	experience	· Troubleshooting proxy related issues.
content	experience	· Troubleshooting & installation of all application required for the business process.
content	experience	· Troubleshooting printer & scanner related issues
content	experience	· Inventory management of all the assets i.e. Computer, Laptops, Router, switches etc in stock
content	experience	· Providing L1 hardware support and call logging of hardware related issues.
content	experience	· Troubleshooting Wi-Fi& LAN related issue at user end.
header	project	Project #1 (Indusind Bank Ltd)
content	experience	Project Name: IT Infrastructure of Indusind Bank
content	experience	Team Size : 6
content	experience	DESCRIPTION: It is the internal IT support of the Indusind Bank
header	experience	Roles and Responsibilities:
content	experience	· Formatting of workstation computer, installation of OS i.e. windows 7, 8, 8.1 & driver, and patches.
content	experience	· Installation of Basic software that is used by the bank in the day today activities.
content	experience	· Sharing of Network Printer and troubleshooting printer problem.
content	experience	· Taking backup and restoration of the user data after formatting.
content	experience	· Maintenance of all network peripheral devices, LAN related problem, switch, and modem related problem and checking connectivity with data center as well as troubleshooting hardware and software problem.
content	experience	· Providing technical support to all Desktops in the bank and call logging for hardware related issues.
content	experience	· Configuring &Troubleshooting Outlook Related issues at end-user level.
content	experience	· Configuring & troubleshooting office packages like word, excel, power point etc…
meta	others	(
header	knowledge	TECHNICAL
header	knowledge	PROFICIENCY:
meta	others	)
content	knowledge	Operating System : Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 8.1 and Windows 10
header	knowledge	Sever Skill : Windows server 2008
content	knowledge	Office Packages : MS Excel, MS word and PowerPoint
content	knowledge	Mail Client : Outlook web 2007, 2010, 2013, 2016
content	knowledge	Technical Skill :MCSE, Remote Desktop connection
content	knowledge	Ticketing Tools : HP Service Manager
meta	others	(
header	knowledge	ATTRIBUTES AND STRENGTHS
meta	others	)
content	knowledge	· Dedication, analytical thinking, hard work and confidence to achieve goals.
content	knowledge	· Willingness to learn new things and contribute to the growth of organization.
content	knowledge	· Comprehensive problem solving abilities.
content	knowledge	· Ability to mingle well in the group and adaptive to any kind of situation.
