meta	others	Prag Mehta
meta	others	RAJEEV VERMA
meta	others	Contact: +91-9824098257 ( E-mail: vermarajeev83@gmail.com
header	experience	HUMAN RESOURCE MANAGEMENT PROFESSIONAL
meta	experience	Seeking challenging assignments in a dynamic organization across Hospitality IT Retail Pharmaceutical any other, commensurate with my analytical and managerial skills with an opportunity for professional growth based on performance
header	experience	PROFILE
content	experience	· Competent & diligent HR Management Professional, offering comprehensive experience of 8+ years; recognized as a hands-on-results oriented professional who can identify problems, formulate tactical plans, initiate change and implement effective HR programs.
content	experience	· Presently associated with RELIANCE RETAIL LIMITED as Cluster Manager – HR; handling Recruitment & Selection, Training & Development, Employee Engagement, Employee Relations etc for 4 stores.
content	experience	· Previously associated with CLARIS INJECTABLES LIMITED as Senior Executive - Human Resource; handling implementation of projects like Recruitment & Selection, Goal Setting Exercise, Compensation Banding, HR Policies, Performance Linked Incentive Scheme, Pay Rationalization etc.
content	experience	· Dexterity in structuring and implementing innovative Administrative policies/procedures to generate undivided commitment and dedication among personnel; expertise in tasks pertaining to Recruitment & Selection, Joining of new staff, Performance Linked Incentive Scheme / Appraisals, Compensation Banding, Personnel file maintenance.
content	experience	· Enriched in Salary Processing i.e. Incentive Policy, reimbursement & leave posting, exit facilitation (Full & Final Settlement) and ensuring compliance; excellent Administrative aptitude with an eye for detail and the commitment to offer quality work.
content	experience	· Motivated and hardworking, with skills in setting up timelines while negotiating, maintaining business relations and coordinating with various strategic groups during the management of prestigious business projects for the reputed organizations.
header	knowledge	Core Competencies:
content	knowledge	Human Resource Management ( HR Policies ( Manpower/ Recruitment Management ( Recruitment & Selection ( Placement Management ( Induction ( Payroll Management ( Performance Appraisal ( Performance Linked Incentive Scheme ( Full & Final Settlement ( Grooming, Training & Development ( Employee Relations/ Employee Engagement & Welfare Initiatives ( Vision, Mission, Values & HR Council ( Developmental workshops ( Independent Projects ( Administration & Statutory Compliance ( Liaison & Coordination
header	others	PROFESSIONAL ACHIEVEMENTS:
content	others	@ Brew Berrys Hospitality Pvt. Ltd.
content	others	· Reduced Attrition Rate of Team Members (Brewer) to 3% (from 28%) and hence reduced the Recruitment Cost of Trainee Asst.
content	others	· Reduced the Recruitment Cost, through hiring more employees from job portal rather than from consultants.
content	others	· Reduced Training Cost by replacing External Trainers with grooming Internal Trainers.
content	others	· Attained Zero Grievance Level.
content	others	· Prepared Job Profile and thereafter Job Description for all the positions of cafés.
content	others	· Followed the Chart of training and take new measures to check the effectiveness of Training.
content	others	· Registered Brew Berrys Hospitality Pvt Ltd for PF & ESIC. Also taken sub-code for ESIC across the country.
content	others	· Maintained all the employee records properly related to PF & ESCI and faced the PF inspection successfully while working with Brew Berrys Hospitality Pvt Ltd.
content	others	· Enrolled all employees in PF & ESIC.
header	experience	PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
content	experience	RELIANCE RETAIL LIMITED
content	experience	April. 2016 to till date
content	experience	Cash N Carry Format – Reliance Market, Ahmedabad (Biggest Outlet of Reliance Market)
content	experience	· Handling the responsibility of managing operations, training new recruits and team, for excelling business targets and service delivery metrics.
content	experience	· Responsible for the Recruitment & Selection of candidates.
content	experience	· As a Cluster HR for Jaipur, Ajmer and Bhilwara stores coordinating with Store HRs for monthly HR MIS, filling up the critical vacant positions and helping them in other HR Operations such as Employee Relations, Employee Engagement activities, Grievance Handling, Employee’s Assessments, Succession Planning etc.
content	experience	· Conducting Compliance audit for my Cluster stores.
content	experience	· Carrying out the Manpower Planning, Cost-benefit analysis with emphasis on productivity for internal allocation of manpower in order to serve the broader purpose of efficiency and effectiveness.
content	experience	· Implementing Training calendar through conducting both in-house and outside trainings comprising of - Attitudinal / Behavioural Training, Safety Training, Technical Training, Professional Training & SOP Training.
content	experience	· Coordinate with SM & various DM’s in order to impart Induction Training to the new joinees and/or to impart trainings scheduled as per the training calendar.
content	experience	· Identification of Growth Potential of the employees; coordinated with the career plan of Top Talents to enhanced their existing competencies and developing for future growth.
header	experience	CLARIS INJECTABLES LIMITED
content	experience	Nov. 2014 – Jun. 2015
content	experience	(A wholly-owned subsidiary of Claris Life-sciences Limited - collectively “Claris”, is a sterile injectables pharmaceutical company with a market presence across the world)
content	experience	Senior Executive - Human Resource
content	experience	· Handling the responsibility of managing operations, training new recruits and team, for excelling business targets and service delivery metrics.
content	experience	· Responsible for the Recruitment & Selection of candidates for 3 plants of Claris Injectables Limited, with a team of 4 members.
content	experience	· Leading human resources practices and objectives that aim at an employee-oriented, high performance culture that emphasized empowerment, quality, productivity and standards, goal attainment, and the recruitment and ongoing development of a superior workforce.
content	experience	· Guiding and directing the team in searching resumes through job portals and thereafter filling the vacancies resulting into cost saving to the company. Short-listing of the resumes within the stipulated timeframe.
content	experience	· Establishes recruiting requirements by studying organization plans and objectives; meeting with HOD’s to discuss the needs.
content	experience	· Carrying out the Manpower Planning, Cost-benefit analysis with emphasis on productivity for internal allocation of manpower in order to serve the broader purpose of efficiency and effectiveness.
content	experience	· Preparing PRF’s for getting the approval for new positions from Claris Injectables Limited.
content	experience	· Holding the initial screening of candidates by interviewing them at feasible locations along with the concerned HOD’s. Conducting Campus Recruitment with various B-schools.
header	experience	BREW BERRYS HOSPITALITY PVT. LTD.
content	experience	Jun. 2010 – Nov. 2014
content	experience	Senior Executive Human Resource & Administration (at Head Office, Vadodara)
content	experience	· Identification of Growth Potential of the employees; coordinated with the career plan of Top Talents to enhanced their existing competencies and developing for future growth.
content	experience	· Handled Manpower Planning through cost-benefit analysis with emphasis on productivity for internal allocation of manpower in order to serve the broader purpose of efficiency and effectiveness.
content	experience	· Mentored & supervised the team of 3 members; got PRF’s prepared for getting the approval for new positions from Brew Berrys Hospitality Pvt Ltd.
content	experience	· Searched resumes through job portals and thereafter filling the vacancies resulting into cost saving to the company; short-listed resumes within the stipulated timeframe.
content	experience	· Carried out initial screening of candidates by interviewing them at feasible locations along with the concerned HOD’s; conducted Campus Recruitment with various B-schools.
content	experience	· Implemented Training calendar through conducting both in-house and outside trainings comprising of - Attitudinal / Behavioural Training, Safety Training, Technical Training, Professional Training.
content	experience	· Coordinated with various HOD’s in order to impart Induction Training to the new joinees and/or to impart trainings scheduled as per the training calendar.
content	experience	· Handled timely disbursement of salary and reimbursement of other personal claims, after proper deduction of TDS; implemented incentive policy.
content	experience	· Monitored attendance on daily basis and gave inputs to payroll. Exit facilitation (Full and Final Settlement) of employees. Ensured compliance with leave rules and discipline.
content	experience	· Ensured substantive and technical compliance with respect to labour laws-returns to be filed, records to be maintained, notices to be put under various statutes, to ensure all registrations and file renewals where required. Handled timely submission of PF return, challans, forms and follow up.
content	experience	· Undertaken legal audit of the unit, check compliance and take corrective action.
content	experience	· Involved in Renewal and Administration of Group Personal Accident Insurance Policy (unnamed basis) and Group Health (Floater) Insurance Policy (Mediclaim Policy).
content	experience	· Handled Employee Welfare, Administration and maintenance of Organizational Structure & Staffing Levels to accomplish the overall objectives of the company.
header	experience	Projects Conducted Professionally:
content	experience	· Recruited 250 candidates across India for Brewberrys - Snackbars in one month for Passport Seva Kendra Project (the project was started in 2012); hired candidates for All Over India successfully.
content	experience	BREWERS - THE COFFEE BAR, Ahmedabad
content	experience	April 2006 – Aug. 2008
content	experience	Executive -HR
header	education	EDUCATIONAL & PROFESSIONAL CREDENTIALS
content	education	Masters in Human Resource Management (M.H.R.M. - 2 year full time degree course), 2010
content	education	Mohan Lal Sukhadia University, Udaipur
content	education	Bachelor of Hotel and Tourism Management (4 year full-time degree course), 2006
content	education	Vivekanad Institute of Hotel and Tourism Management, Rajkot, Saurashtra University
content	education	Diploma in International Airline and Travel Management, 2006
header	knowledge	Technical Proficiency:
content	knowledge	MS – Office & Internet applications
header	others	Seminars attended:
content	others	· Attended International Seminar on “Human Resource Techniques”, Lead by IIM, Ahmedabad Professor Dr. B.S. Bhadu.
header	education	Summer Training:
content	education	· Undergone Summer Training at RIL (Reliance India Limited), Bharuch, Dahej Plant.
header	education	Extra Curricular Accolades:
content	education	· Achieved United Nations (UNESCO) Exam Certification.
content	education	· Acted as Mangal Pandey a Historic Play in Personality Development Program organized by RAM KRISHNA mission at their center in Rajkot.
content	experience	· Actively participated in skit called “Modern Devdas”
header	others	Date of Birth:
meta	others	28th Dec. 1983
header	others	Address:
meta	others	B/73, Tejendra Nagar Part-2, Behind Gujarat Housing Board, Chandkheda, Ahmedabad,
meta	others	Gujarat – 382424
meta	others	References:
meta	others	Available on request
meta	others	PAGE
