header	others	RESUME
meta	others	Name: Prasanna Venkatesh S
meta	others	Mobile: 9025747524
meta	others	Email: prasannavenkatesh92@gmail.com
header	others	OBJECTIVE
content	others	3 years of experience as an associate, Equipped with ability to learn, lead, motivate, and coordinate with the team and projects to contribute effectively for the organization. Accustomed to work with end users to determine their requirements, address their needs, and resolve issues quickly and efficiently.
header	knowledge	SKILLS SET
content	knowledge	Operating System : Windows (10, 8 ,7 ,XP) and Windows server 2012 R2
content	knowledge	Ticketing Tools : Service now, Salesforce
content	knowledge	Remote Tools : Tivoli, Logme In, Putty Configuration & Remote desktop
header	experience	WORK EXPERIENCE (Dec-2015 – Till date)
content	experience	Organizations : Cognizant Technology Solutions Ltd.
content	experience	Project : Woolworths service desk & Cargotec
content	experience	Designation : Systems Engineer
header	experience	Roles & Responsibly as a Systems Engineer:
content	experience	· Working in remote desktop support, access management (GAM) and providing network support.
content	experience	· Providing B2B technical support for clients through remote support tools.
content	experience	· Troubleshooting hardware and software related issues for clients over the phone call and through remote sessions.
content	experience	· Creating, deleting and disabling the user, service, external accounts and shared mailboxes in Active directory.
content	experience	· Providing access to network drives, Sharepoint pages and shared mailboxes.
content	experience	· Making appropriate changes to user’s profile in attribute editor as per the request by the end users.
content	experience	· Install, uninstall, upgrade and configure PC software and hardware used by end users.
content	experience	· Troubleshooting VPN and all IT related issues in ends user computers through remote desktop connection.
content	experience	· Coordinating with service provider for router, Switches and access point related issues after initial triage.
content	experience	· Resolving tickets raised by user as per defined SLA.
header	experience	WORK EXPERIENCE (Feb-2015 – Nov-15)
content	experience	Organizations : CSS CORP
header	project	Project : Belkin and Linksys
content	experience	Designation : Senior Support Engineer
header	experience	Roles & Responsibly as a Senior Support Engineer:
content	experience	· Providing Technical Support for SOHO routers and range extenders for US and Canadian Customers.
content	experience	· Perform initial router configuration and also troubleshooting them.
content	experience	· Troubleshooting end user computers and smartphones when it is not connecting to network.
content	experience	· Providing 24*7 Production Support and working towards resolution of incident tickets as per defined SLA.
content	experience	· Keeping the tickets with updated status of with all the activities, adhering to SLA’s of all the tickets and update the customer regularly about the work we are doing on the respective restore tickets.
content	experience	· Understanding the severity of the scenarios and escalating to L2 team.
header	others	ACHIEVEMENTS
content	others	· Been a strong performer since the date of joining.
content	others	· Consistent performance in maintaining CSAT and in maintaining the First Call Resolution (FCR) .
content	others	· Identified as a best new On boarded employee of the project.
content	others	· Been a member of pilot project from transition to stabilization stage.
header	education	EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION
content	education	· Completed B.E. (EEE) at Veltech Multitech Engineering College, Chennai (affliated to Anna University) in the year (2010-2014).
content	education	· Completed XII Higher Secondary Education at Sri Ahobila Math Oriental School, Chennai (State Board) in the year 2010.
content	education	· Completed X Education at Sri Ahobila Math Oriental School, Chennai (State Board) in the year 2008.
header	education	PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATION
content	education	· Pursuing CCNA (Cisco Certified Network Associate).
header	knowledge	Technical Skills
content	knowledge	· Good knowledge in networking like DHCP server, DNS server, IP addressing and subnetting.
content	knowledge	· Working with Active directory.
content	knowledge	· Basic understanding of ICMP , ARP and Routing protocols.
content	knowledge	· Basic Routing and Switching concepts.
content	knowledge	· Good understanding of OSI reference model.
header	others	PERSONAL PROFILE
meta	others	Name : Prasanna Venkatesh S
meta	others	Father’s Name : Srinivasan L
meta	others	Address : No.19, South mada street triplicane Chennai - 600005
meta	others	E-mail Id : prasannavenkatesh92@gmail.com
meta	others	Phone number : 9025747524
meta	others	Date of Birth : 06-09-1992
meta	knowledge	Languages Known : English, Tamil, Hindi(read & write), Sanskrit(read & write)
header	others	Declaration:
meta	others	I hereby declare that the above written particulars are true to the best of my knowledge.
meta	others	Chennai (PRASANNA VENKATESH)
