meta	experience	Kalpana K,Mobile: +
meta	experience	Call To: +91 9765067297
meta	experience	Priyanka Chougule Email:priyankachougule7890@mail.com
header	experience	Technical Summary:
content	experience	· Total 4.7 years experience and 3 years of experience in IT support industry.
content	experience	· Working Experience of End to End Implementation.
content	experience	· Project Support Experience on Integrated Planning Deep understanding of planning sequences, planning functions.
content	experience	· Understanding of customer business processes requirements to support project evaluations with proposed solutions.
content	knowledge	· Thoughtful Knowledge of Data Modeling, Data Extraction and Reporting.
content	experience	· Verification and Validations of Report and its Discrepancies/Feedback on the Data Received.
content	experience	· Supported with Creation and Enhancement of Report templates as per the Business Requirement.
content	experience	· Collate reports from centers and prepare dashboards for Further Analysis.
content	experience	· Prepare and Publish weekly and monthly dashboards to management.
content	experience	· Managed Regular follow-up with centers on report completeness & accuracy.
content	experience	· Handled the Change process with Teams on new changes in reports as and when introduced.
content	experience	· Support the Project Teams throughout the new solution implementation.
content	experience	· Worked on Incident Solving, Additional Tasks.
content	experience	· Experience on Performing root cause analysis.
content	experience	· Excellent Interpersonal skills, outstanding problem solving and decision making skills.
content	knowledge	· Good understanding of technology with focus on delivering business solutions.
header	experience	Work Experience:
content	experience	· Worked as Senior Associate in Allstate Limited, Pune from Sep 2017 to June 2018.
content	experience	· Worked as a Senior Technology Supporter in Infosys BPO Pvt Ltd, Pune from July 2013 to Sep 2017.
header	knowledge	Technical Skills:
content	knowledge	· Functional Area
content	knowledge	: SQL queries, MS access, SAP BW/BI Basic, Basic QlikView,
content	knowledge	Excel.
content	knowledge	· Database
content	knowledge	: Oracle, SQL server
content	knowledge	· Operating Systems : Windows 2010.
header	education	Education:
content	education	· M.SC.: Masters in Computer Science from Pune University, Pune with 58.33% (2013).
content	education	· B.C.S: Bachelor of Computer Science from Shivaji University, Kolhapur with 60% (2011).
content	education	· H.S.C: Higher Secondary School Certificate, 12th standard (Science), from Kolhapur Board with 55.33% (2008).
content	education	· S.S.C: Secondary School Certificate, 10th standard; from Kolhapur Board with 67.06% (2006).
header	project	Projects’ Details:
content	experience	1. Company Name: Allstate private Ltd.
content	experience	Project Name: Auto Manual.
content	experience	Team: Reporting services.
content	experience	Duration: - 2017 to 2018
header	experience	Description:
content	experience	This project Deal with US Customer’s insurance policies, where we manage various Customer Data aspects via Reporting and Data Analysis.
content	experience	Responsibilities:
content	experience	· Experience in gathering and analyzing business requirements
content	experience	· Excellent systems and data analysis skills.
content	experience	· Proven troubleshooting and analytical experience.
content	experience	· Strong problem resolution skills and good judgment on how to proceed with issues.
content	experience	· Define requirements and monitor those through to implementation.
content	experience	· Report weekly to Executive Sponsor when tasks are at risk till critical path determined.
content	experience	· Recommend management of status of all ongoing projects.
header	project	2. Project Name: Syngenta.
content	experience	Team: Reporting services.
content	experience	Duration:- 2015 to 2017
content	experience	Environment:-BW, SAP (ERP) Production, MS access, Dashboard, QlikView.
content	experience	Reports: - Veg reports, Sales GP report, Quality report.
header	experience	Description:
content	experience	This Project Deals with various reports on monthly basis. Including Sales, Veg, KPI, Quality.
content	experience	With SAP BI queries need to maintain the customer’s requirement as well as the dashboard data.
header	experience	Responsibilities:
content	experience	· Coordinate with Business Managers to translate business requirements into coherent Business Intelligence (BI) reports.
content	experience	· Prepare and maintain BI reporting and analysis documentations.
content	experience	· Generate BI reports, dashboards and data models with the help of BI tools and MS-Office products.
content	experience	· Identify and resolve BI report related issues.
content	experience	· Prepared Test Case documents and helped in review.
content	experience	· Communicated with developers to sort out issues with respect to their criticality.
content	experience	· Execute BI projects within assigned budget and timelines.
content	experience	· Analyze existing BI reporting processes and suggest improvements.
content	experience	· Validate data warehouse system for data integrity, quality and accuracy.
content	experience	· Work with various business teams to improve BI reporting and analytics.
content	experience	· Would support the Product teams by delivering monthly/weekly/Yearly reports.
header	project	3. Project Name: CISCO.
content	experience	Team: Reporting services (OTM).
content	experience	Duration: - 2013 to 2015
content	experience	Environment: - CRM tool, Excel.
header	experience	Description:
content	experience	Provide support and maintenance to existing partner information of CISCO. Maintain the reports as per the request. CISCO maintains relationship with some partners with their products.
header	experience	Responsibilities:
content	experience	· Provide support and maintenance to existing management information systems.
content	experience	· Generate and distribute management reports in accurate and timely manner.
content	experience	· Provide recommendations to update current MIS to improve reporting efficiency and consistency.
content	experience	· Perform data analysis for generating reports on periodic basis.
content	experience	· Provide strong reporting and analytical information support to management team.
header	others	Personal details:
meta	others	Date of Birth:-
meta	others	7th August 1990.
header	knowledge	Languages Known:-
meta	knowledge	English, Hindi and Marathi.
meta	others	Permanent Address:- Plot No.9, Meera colony, Hasani Ashram, Vishrambag Sangli.416416.
meta	others	Present Address-c-5 402, Kunal Icon society, near shiwar garden, Pimlpe saudagar,
meta	others	Pune-411027.
meta	others	PAGE
meta	others	1
