header	others	Contact details
header	others	Permanent Address:
meta	others	PARAMBATH HOUSE
meta	others	CHOWARA P.O
meta	others	ALUVA
meta	others	PIN: 683571
meta	others	Phone No: +919847256656
meta	others	+971559053709
meta	others	+971551122352
meta	others	Email : naj.geeth@gmail.com
meta	others	Personal Data
meta	others	Date of Birth : 16-03-1991
meta	others	Sex : Female
meta	others	Nationality : Indian
meta	others	Marital Status : Married
header	knowledge	Languages Known
meta	knowledge	English, Malayalam, Tamil, Hindi,
meta	others	Arabic
meta	others	Interests
meta	others	Traveling,Photography, Watching
meta	others	Movies, & Listening Music.
header	knowledge	Skills
content	knowledge	• Disciplined, dedicated
content	knowledge	and hard working with
content	knowledge	an ability to easily adapt
content	knowledge	to changing work
content	knowledge	environment.
content	knowledge	• Keen learner with ability
content	knowledge	to learn and imbibe new
content	knowledge	knowledge.
content	knowledge	NAJIYA P.A
header	others	Objective
content	others	To secure a promising, successful and challenging career in a reputed
content	others	organization where my knowledge and gained technical skills can be
content	others	effectively applied, enabling me to explore myself fully and realize my full
content	others	potential.
header	experience	Work Experience
header	experience	1. SENIOR BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER at
content	experience	Pappyjoe International(Aug 2018 to Present)
header	experience	2. SERVICE DESK ANALYST at Ernst & Young(EY) (Feb
content	experience	2016 – May 2017)
content	experience	• 1.3 years of experience with EY (Ernst & Young) as Service
content	experience	Desk Analyst.
header	experience	3. TECHNICAL SUPPORT ASSOCIATE at Sutherland
content	experience	Global Services (June 2014 – Jan 2016)
content	experience	• 1.6 years of experience at Sutherland Global Services as Technical
content	experience	Support Associate.
header	education	Academic Qualification
content	education	B.E ELECTRONICS AND COMMUNICATION ENGINEERING
content	education	Course Board School/
content	education	College
content	education	Year of
content	education	passing
content	education	Aggregate%
content	education	Tenth CBSE Carmel CMI
content	education	School
content	education	2007 85
content	education	Plus Two State Carmel CMI
content	education	School
content	education	2009 75
content	education	B.E VTU Srinivas
content	education	School of
content	education	Engineering
content	education	2014 67
header	knowledge	• Excellent
content	knowledge	communication and
content	knowledge	interpersonal skills.
content	others	• Pleasing personality in
content	others	all respects. Able to
content	others	work independently/
content	others	Together in a team.
header	experience	JOB PROFILE
content	experience	SENIOR BUSINESS DEVELPOMENT MANAGER
content	experience	• Prospect for potential new clients and turn this into increased
content	experience	business.
content	experience	• Cold call as appropriate within the market to ensure a robust
content	experience	pipeline of opportunities.
content	experience	• Identify the potential clients and the decision makers within the
content	experience	client organization.
content	experience	• Research and build relationship with new clients.
content	experience	• Plan approaches and pitches.
content	experience	• Work with team to develop proposals that speaks to the client’s
content	experience	needs, concerns and objectives.
content	experience	• Participate in pricing the solution/service.
content	experience	• Handle objections.
content	experience	• Client retention.
content	experience	• Work with Technical staff and other internal colleagues to meet
content	experience	client needs.
header	experience	SERVICE DESK ANALYST(EY)
content	experience	• First point of contact for the company.
content	experience	• Assists EY users of Middle East.
content	experience	• Provides support for basic incident resolution and requests
content	experience	reported to the division service desk.
content	experience	• Scheduling conference calls for the clients and the users.
content	experience	• Prepares newsletters and thereby informing important
content	experience	information to the clients and users by emails.
content	experience	• Coordinates the requests and incidents with the concerned team
content	experience	and hence connecting with the clients(sort of Coordinator role)
content	experience	• Assists the clients and users with their requirements
header	experience	TECHNICAL SUPPORT ASSOCIATE (SGS)
content	experience	• Frontline support which includes installing and configuring the
content	experience	software, assisting customers from APAC and EMEA region.
content	experience	• Diagnosing hardware/software faults and solving technical
content	experience	issues.
content	experience	• After-sales support and IT maintenance
content	experience	• Purchase, Sales of an Intel Product, McAfee Anti-Virus
content	experience	(includes customer retention as well).
content	experience	• Resolves network issues.
header	knowledge	Skills gained
content	knowledge	● Programming Languages :- C,C++,HDL ,DSP, VLSI,
content	knowledge	Programming in Microcontroller, Microprocessor.
content	knowledge	● Operating System :- Windows 2000,2007,2008,10,XP
content	knowledge	● Others :- MS Office
content	knowledge	● Technical Troubleshooting, Hardware/Software fix ,Network
content	experience	Troubleshooting.
header	others	References :
meta	others	1. Prof.Shreeganesh Kedilaya
meta	others	Professor & HOD
meta	others	Dept. of E&C Engg
meta	others	Srinivas School of Engineering, Mukka, Mangalore
header	others	Declaration
meta	others	I hereby declare that all the above stated statements are true and complete to
meta	others	the best of my Knowledge and belief.
meta	others	NAJIYA P.A
