header	others	CURRICULUM VITTAE
meta	others	Zubair Ahmed Chopdar
meta	others	Mobile: +91 9916628911,9731332838
meta	others	Email: zubair5040@gmail.com
content	others	Looking for challenging duties in an expert environment that makes use of my analytical, problem-solving abilities, expertise and specialized information, for the mutual development of my career.
header	experience	Skills and Attributes
header	experience	· Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics and Communication Engineering .
content	experience	· Proficient Network Engineer with total experience of 4 years
content	knowledge	· Strong knowledge of internet connectivity and protocols such as TCP/IP protocol suite, OSI model.
content	knowledge	· Good understanding of TCP ,UDP,IP,ARP,SNMP, NETFLOW,,DHCP.
content	experience	· Working experience on Cisco L2/L3 Switches like: 2950, 2960, 3550, 3560 ,6500 Series.
content	experience	· Working experience on Cisco Routers like 1841, 1905, 1921, 841ISR,819, 7206VXR, 3845, 3945, 4321,4500 Series.
content	experience	· Configuring and Troubleshooting on Switching: VLAN, VTP, STP\RSTP, VRRP, HSRP, GLBP, LACP, PAGP
content	experience	· Configuring & troubleshooting of Routing Protocols like EIGRP, OSPF, BGP and static routing.
content	experience	· Configuring ACL, NAT/PAT, IPsec VPN.
header	knowledge	· Knowledge on ASA firewall.
content	experience	· Working experience on Monitoring Tools like Spectrum CA, ITSM and BMC Remedy ticketing tool.
content	experience	· Deep understanding of troubleshooting in LAN and WAN setup.
content	experience	· Troubleshooting on WAN technologies like, ISDN, VSAT, LTE, point to point, MPLS, T1/E1, T3/E3, and STM 1 Circuits,OUT OF BAND, POTS LINE.
content	experience	· Upgrading IOS/License on Cisco Routers and Switches.
content	experience	· Excellent in customer interactions with good interpersonal skills.
content	knowledge	· Knowledge on ITIL Frame-work.
header	experience	Profile Summary
content	experience	· Currently working as a Network Operation Engineer in Accenture Solutions Pvt Ltd from August,2017 to till date.
content	experience	· Worked as a Network Engineer in Dimension Data India Ltd, Bangalore from July, 2015 to August 2017.
content	experience	· Worked as a Network Engineer with Wipro InfoTech, Bangalore from Sep, 2014 to July,2015.
content	experience	· Worked as a Intern with Dimension Data India Ltd, Bangalore from May, 2014 to July 2014.
content	experience	· CCNA/CCNP certified (Routing and Switching).
content	experience	· CCNP-Routing completed-CISCO ID NO:CSCO12754134
header	experience	Work Experience Details
content	experience	Accenture solutions pvt ltd.
content	experience	Location: Bangalore.
content	experience	Designation: Network Operation Engineer
content	experience	Reporting: Operation Manager
content	experience	Tenure: August 2017 to till date.
content	experience	I have selected as a Network Engineer for Implementation Engineering team to provide Tier-2 support to their major client VERIZON Communication.
content	experience	My main responsibilities in this job role are:
content	experience	· Involved in implementation of client network as per the network design.
content	experience	· Implement of WAN and LAN of the customer network.
content	experience	· Working on activities like,WAN Activation, LAN Activation,LTE Cellular, Failover Testing..
content	experience	· Identification, troubleshooting and resolving LAN and WAN issues .
content	experience	· Configuring and troubleshooting BGP,OSPF,EIGRP, BFD,QOS , VRF, and Static routes.
content	experience	· Configuring and troubleshooting DMVPN,Ipsec and GRE tunnel.
content	experience	· Configuring and troubleshooting VLAN, STP,VTP, HSRP, VRRP.Portchannel.
content	experience	· Configuring SNMP , NETFLOW ,TACACS, upgradation of IOS.
content	experience	· Troubleshooting on various WAN technologies like Frame-relay, Point to Point protocol, MPLS.
content	experience	· Coordinating with Field Technicians on site for assisting physical/hardware issues.
content	experience	Dimension data India ltd.
content	experience	Location: Bangalore.
content	experience	Designation: Associate Network Engineer
content	experience	Reporting: Operation Manager
content	experience	Tenure: July2015 to till date.
content	experience	I have selected as a Network Engineer for Incident Management team of Global Network Operation Center Team to provide L2 Network support to their major State Bank Group clients.
content	experience	My main responsibilities in this job role are:
content	experience	· Involved in troubleshooting and resolution of all network-related issues from production environment.
content	experience	· Working on Incidents/Tickets to resolve network connectivity issues based on SLA.
content	experience	· Identification, troubleshooting and resolving LAN and WAN issues .
content	experience	· Configuring and troubleshooting BGP,OSPF and Static routes.
content	experience	· Configuring and troubleshooting VLAN, STP,VTP, HSRP and VRRP.
content	experience	· Configuring and troubleshooting Access Lists, IPSec site to site VPN, routing and switching related issues.
content	experience	· Troubleshooting on various WAN technologies like ISDN, VSAT, Point to Point protocol, MPLS.
content	experience	· Monitoring data center devices, links and client site network.
content	experience	· Coordinating with Service providers BSNL, TCL.RAILTEL, VODAFONE, and AIRTEL in order to maintain the Network stability and uptime.
content	experience	· Performing head to head testing with Telco’s to isolate trouble circuits
content	experience	· Performing the Network Heath Check, Reporting and Documentation.
content	experience	· Involved in day to day operations with Change & Problem management by adopting ITIL industry-leading standards.
content	experience	WIPRO INFOTECH (TeCPOOL Solutions)
content	experience	Location: Bangalore, India
content	experience	Designation: Network Engineer
content	experience	Reporting: Operation Manager
content	experience	Tenure: Sep 2014 to July 2015
content	experience	· I was selected as a Network Engineer of NOC support team with objective to give primarily L1 supports to their CANARA BANK RRB client. My main responsibilities in this job role were:
content	experience	My main responsibilities in this job role are:
content	experience	· Proactively Monitoring Clients Wide Area Networks using Monitoring tools .
content	experience	· Creating Incident Tickets on Network Alerts, timely updating of restoration activities, with respect to vendors and internal teams.
content	experience	· Troubleshooting all LAN and WAN issues.
content	experience	· Configuring and Troubleshooting on P2P links, VSAT, MPLS. T1/E1, T3/E3 Circuits.
content	experience	· Configuration and troubleshooting OSPF, BGP and Static routes.
content	experience	· Configuration and troubleshooting VLAN, STP, VTP, HSRP.
content	experience	· Configuration of IPSEC VPN, ACL’s, Port Security.
content	experience	· Remotely handling the client Network Devices-Routers, Switches.
content	experience	· Configuration and troubleshooting of Switching and Routing protocols.
content	experience	· Cisco IOS and bandwidth up gradation,ISP Changes, replacement of devices by co-ordination with Network Tier 2 team and with service providers.
content	experience	· Managing Datacenters and enterprise network Infrastructure of client.
header	education	EDUCATION
content	experience	· Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics and Communication Engineering.
content	education	VTU University,Shirdi Sai Engineering College,Bangalore
content	education	2013
header	others	PERSONAL INFORMATION
meta	others	Name :Zubair Ahmed Chopdar
meta	others	Date of Birth :26thMay 1989
meta	others	Sex :Male
meta	others	Nationality :Indian
meta	others	Marital status :Single
meta	others	Present Address :No:123,3rd floor,4th A cross,
meta	others	Near Poornima Hospital,
meta	others	RT NAGAR
meta	others	Bangalore-560032
meta	others	State-Karanataka.
meta	others	Permanent Address :Shivabasava Nagar 1st Cross,
meta	others	Near Ganesh Temple,
meta	others	HAVERI-581110-KARNATAKA
meta	others	Hobbies: Reading, Surfing, listening Music and making new friends.
meta	others	Reference : Are available on request.
meta	others	I hereby declare that the above information are true to best of my Knowledge & Belief.
meta	others	Place: Bangalore
meta	others	Date: Signature
