header	others	Curriculum Vitae
header	others	Curriculum Vitae
meta	others	Mrs.Shashikala,
meta	others	#84, 2nd stage,
meta	others	Vinayaka Layout,
meta	others	Vijayanagar,
meta	others	B’lore-40
meta	others	Mob : 98809-19218
meta	others	shashikala.an@gmail.com
header	others	Objective
content	others	To obtain a position that allows me to utilize my extensive skills, expertise to pursue a challenging career in a progressive team environment.
header	others	High Lights
content	others	Dedicated, efficient and responsible professional.
content	others	Able to work with and maintain relations with staff and clients on all levels.
header	education	Educational Qualifications
content	education	Graduation
content	education	: B. Sc (PCM)
content	education	(Batch: 1994-1997)
content	education	B.A In Hindi (Dakshin Bharath Hindi Prachar Sabha)
header	education	Additional Qualification
content	education	: 1 Year Diploma course at NIIT
content	education	(Batch : 2001)
header	experience	Work Experience
content	experience	1. 1-Dec-2011 till Date :
content	experience	Interactive Marketing Private Limited :
content	experience	Role : Assistant Manager Operations - Sales
header	experience	Responsibility :
content	experience	· Managing the operations of inbound and outbound call center.
content	experience	· Sales analysis.
content	experience	2. 16th August 2004 till date
content	experience	BHARTI AIRTEL LIMITED (AIRTEL BROADBAND AND TELEPHOE SERVICES):
content	experience	The largest private sector integrated telecommunications services group in India in terms of the number of customers.
content	experience	Current Profile in Bharti : Process Auditor.
header	experience	Responsibility:
content	experience	· Measuring the quality of login, resolution & Closure.
content	experience	· Instrumental in driving the respective functions to fill the identified gaps in process and take corrective actions.
content	experience	· Collaborated with the functional heads in filling the gaps identified.
content	experience	From 10-Dec-09 to 21-Nov-10: Self-service Spoc for south hub.
content	experience	· Managing the Website related issues.
content	experience	· To enhance the website performance for a better customer experience.
content	experience	From 1-Oct-07 to 09-Dec-09: Escalation Desk Team Leader
content	experience	Responsibility: Taking care of
content	experience	1) Top Management Escalation desk for south hub that includes login and working on mail tracker.
content	experience	2) TRAI, DOT cases & Consumer Forum cases.
content	experience	And
content	experience	Co-coordinating with the Functional heads for process correction/Process Implementation across south hub and at national level.
content	experience	From 16-Aug-04 to 30-Sep-07
header	experience	Responsibility:
header	experience	· Inbound call center-handling the customers Complaint / Request
content	experience	· Briefing the team daily on process change and product launch.
content	experience	· Analyzing issues of the calls received & sending issues to the manager every week to solve those issues.
content	experience	2. December 18th 2003 till June 18th 2004
content	experience	Spanco Telesystems & Solutions (Outsource for Tata Tele Services)
header	experience	Responsibility:
content	experience	· In bound call center – Attending to customers query, requests & complaints
content	experience	3. 5th June 2003 to 15th October 2003
content	experience	Smart Visions:
header	experience	Responsibility:
content	experience	· To handle Petty Cash
content	experience	· To maintain production data
content	experience	· To interact with clients for payments and order placing
header	others	Fields of Interest
meta	others	· Listening to music
meta	others	· Cooking
header	others	Personal Details
meta	others	Husband’s Name
meta	others	:
meta	others	Chandrashekar S.
meta	others	Date of Birth
meta	others	:
meta	others	March 1st 1977
header	knowledge	Linguistic Skills
meta	others	:
meta	knowledge	English, Hindi and Kannada
meta	others	I hereby state that the above-mentioned statements are true to best of my knowledge.
meta	others	Place: Bangalore
meta	others	Date:
meta	others	(Shashikala)
