meta	others	Pragya Rashmi
meta	others	Mob: 9958490398
meta	others	Email Id: rashmi331199@gmail.com
header	experience	Professional Summary
content	experience	· SQL Professional with relevant experience of 2.8​year, as a Analyst.
content	experience	· Currently working with Global logic Technology (P) Ltd Gurgram as Analyst.
content	experience	· Proficient in SQL and data warehouse concepts
content	experience	· Responsible for performing queries to generate reports from the results.
content	knowledge	· Knowledge of best practices when dealing with relational databases
content	experience	· Involved in development,installation,maintenance,monitoting and providing support for SQL database using My-SQL
content	experience	· Experience with MySQL on both Linux and Windows.
content	experience	· Data migration (import & export) from Text to SQL Server.
content	experience	· Created Triggers to enforce data and referential integrity.
content	experience	· Creation of Database Objects: Tables, Store Procedure, Views, Triggers, Index, and Function.
meta	knowledge	Skill Set: - SQL language, MS-SQL server, MS-excel, MS-Office, and Microsoft Visio & MS -Outlook,
content	knowledge	Statistics etc
header	knowledge	Technical Skills: ​
content	knowledge	· Work with business analyst groups to ascertain their database reporting needs.
content	knowledge	· Take the database reporting needs and turn them into powerful SQL queries that will extract data and compile it into meaningful reports.
content	knowledge	· Served as the initial contact person for all SQL support queries.
content	knowledge	· Performed updates to the SQL system as assigned by management.
content	knowledge	· Collaborated with business support professionals to provide full system maintenance.
content	knowledge	· Delivered database deployment through the whole system lifecycle.
content	knowledge	· Identify,analyse and interprets trends or patterns in complex data sets
content	knowledge	· Work closely with management to prioritize business and information needs
content	knowledge	· MySQL processes and queries optimization. Exported and Imported database 10g objects from development to production.
content	knowledge	· Performed query analysis for slow and problematic queries.
content	knowledge	· Analyzed code to improve query optimization and to verify that tables are using indexes.
content	knowledge	· Strong proficiency with SQL and its variation among popular databases
content	knowledge	· Experience with some of the modern relational databases
content	knowledge	· Skilled at optimizing large complicated SQL statements
content	knowledge	· Knowledge of best practices when dealing with relational databases
content	knowledge	· Capable of troubleshooting common database issues
header	education	Academic Qualification
content	education	· Pursuing P.G Diploma in Applied Statistics from Indira Gandhi National Open University (I.G.N.O.U) session 2017-2019.
content	education	· 2009-­2013​: ​B.tech(Electronics & Communication Engineering) ​from​ Dr. K.N Modi Engineering College U.P.T.U
content	education	· 2008 : Intermediate ​from C.B.S.E
header	experience	WORK EXPERIENCE
content	experience	· Worked at Global logic Pvt Ltd., Gurugram from December 2014 to JUNE 2017 as Analyst.
content	experience	· Currently working at Global logic pvt. Ltd , Gurugram from 28 th ,May 2018
header	project	Projects
content	experience	Title - Social Sentiments Analysis Models
content	experience	Duration: May 2018 – present as Analyst
header	project	Project description:-
content	experience	The banking and e-commerce industry is data-intensive with typically massive graveyards of unused and unappreciated accounts and credit processing data. As these industries face increasing pressure to stay profitable, understanding customer needs and preferences, becomes a critical success factor. ThroughAnalytics practices banks become better equipped to manage market uncertainty, minimize fraud, improve customer retention by minimizing churn and analyze propensity to renew. We help banks & e-commerce industry to recognize behavior patterns, providing a complete view of individual customers and segments, we bring in an effective solution to reduce the customer churn and let customers stay with the bank for long.
content	experience	Basis the past data available, use of SQl helps predict the data and suggest solutions to stop customer churn and Data is analyzed basis customer web interaction, credit / debit card history, social media, transaction type and banking volumes etc. This practice helps us prepare valuable insights and predict the churn score
header	experience	Roles & Responsibilities:
content	experience	· Logic development by discussion with stakeholders.
content	experience	· Working with other team members to improvise the code.
content	experience	· Developed diagrams for Data Structure Entity Relationship and Data Flow.
content	experience	· Ensured availability and security for database in a production environment.
content	experience	· Understanding the requirements and various process of the organization from Technical designs.
content	experience	· Working as a part of development team.
content	experience	Title :​Shopping​Trend analysis
content	experience	Duration : OCTOBER ­2016­ -JUNE 2017 as Analyst
header	project	Project Description
content	experience	This project is to develop a data warehouse by populating various products sales, rates, purchase, manufacture related data and segregate this data as per the defined categories in master files. This will help the organization to extract various business related reports and forecast the various trends in various geographies and scope of extending the services.
header	experience	Roles & Responsibilities
content	experience	· Study of shopping pattern across different geographies.
content	experience	· Drawing insights from customer portfolio.
content	experience	Title :​IMDB ratings
content	experience	Duration : DECEMBER 2014 - SEPTEMBER 2016 as Associate Analyst.
header	experience	Project Description
content	experience	This project is to standardize the data generated from reviews of various Hollywood, Bollywood , Chinese movie, daily soaps , entertainment products for big /TV scenes in different geographies. Various source systems generate data files which contain the information about GRPs, geographies sales, number of likes, Facebook ratings, and newspaper ratings about various entertainment products. Data in the files first needs to be validated, transformed into a defined standard populated in the target datasets.
header	experience	Roles & Responsibilities
meta	experience	· Understanding the technical design and perform various business validations on the data.
meta	experience	· Ensured data integrity and detected data errors and misuse.
meta	experience	· Data analysis, management and finally populating the target datasets
meta	experience	· Generating & comparing target datasets with source dataset
header	others	PERSONAL DETAIL
meta	others	· Date of birth - 13th July , 1989
meta	others	· Father’s Name - Rakesh Kumar Singh
meta	others	· Nationality - Indian
meta	others	· Gender - Female
meta	others	· Marital Status - Unmarried
meta	knowledge	· Languages Known - English , Hindi
meta	others	· Permanent Address - ℅ Rakesh Kumar Singh ,
meta	others	Susuwahi, Behind Panchayat Bhavan,
meta	others	Varanasi, 221005, Uttar Pradesh
meta	others	· Present Address - House no.36 , Ganesh Nagar Extension -2 , Shakarpur , Delhi , 110092
meta	others	Declaration: - I declare that above mentioned details are correct and best of my knowledge.
meta	others	Place :- New Delhi Signature:- Pragya Rashmi
