header	others	S
meta	others	S. RAVI KUMAR
meta	others	E-Mail: raviskumar91@gmail.com
meta	others	Mobile: 9841901362
header	others	Objective
content	others	To Learn and function effectively in an organization and be able to deliver to the bottom-line. To constantly upgrade my knowledge and skills and make a difference in whatever I do.
header	education	Education
content	education	2011 : Pursuing MBA Finance from Pondicherry University, Loyola College.
content	education	2011
content	education	:
content	education	Bachelor of Commerce – First Class – 64%
content	education	DRBCCC Hindu College, Pattabiram. - Affiliated to Madras University.
content	education	2008
content	education	:
content	education	Higher Secondary XII-73%
content	education	Jaya Matric Higher Secondary School, Thiruninravur,
content	education	2006
content	education	:
content	education	S.S.L.C – 62%
content	education	Vivekananda Vidyalaya Matric School, Thiruninravur,
header	knowledge	Technical Skills
content	knowledge	Tally 9.0 ERP, MS office
header	others	Achievements
content	others	Have Participated in Various Sports and athletic events and won prizes in school and college.
header	experience	Work Experience
content	experience	Agility Logistics Pvt Ltd, Chennai. From August 2011 to till date.
content	experience	Responsibilities (Accounts Payable)
content	experience	· Verification of invoices for the payment due date.
content	experience	· Compiling the details of invoices pending for payment.
content	experience	· Obtaining approval from the approving authority for payment release.
content	experience	· Preparing and sending payment advice to the bank.
content	experience	· Handling payment related queries received from vendors.
header	others	Personal Information
header	others	Date of Birth
meta	others	:
meta	others	28.05.1991
header	others	Nationality
meta	others	:
meta	others	Indian
header	others	Languages Known
meta	others	:
meta	others	Tamil & English (Speak and write)
header	others	Residential Address
meta	others	:
meta	others	Plot No: 162, Eswaran Nagar, 87, Veppambattu, Thiruninvarur-602024
meta	others	Leisure Interests
meta	others	Listening to music, Playing Cricket, Gardening.
meta	others	Declaration
meta	others	I do hereby declare that the particulars of information and facts stated herein above are true, correct and complete to the best of my knowledge and belief.
meta	others	Place:
meta	others	Chennai
meta	others	Yours Faithfully,
meta	others	Date:
meta	others	(S. RAVI KUMAR)
