header	others	RESUME
header	others	RESUME
meta	others	Gowri Sankar S
meta	others	43 Irusappan 1st Street,
meta	others	New Washermenpet, Email Id: gowrisankar.it2012@gmail.com Chennai-600081,India. Phone : +91 9941662299
header	others	Objective
content	others	· In pursuit of career enhancing opportunities in the field of Network and System Administration where I could utilize my strong technical skills along with my quick learning ability and communication skills which will enable me to develop my skills further and the organization to gain a competitive advantage.
header	experience	Summary of Experience
content	experience	· Four years of experience in the field of Computer Hardware & Networking where Planning, Implementation, Administration and troubleshooting are involved with multiple platforms of OS viz., Microsoft Windows XP, 2003, 2008, Windows 7,Red Hat,Centos and Ubuntu.
content	experience	Professional Expertise
content	experience	· Identifies, diagnoses, and resolves Level One problems for users of the mainframe, personal Computer software and hardware, Internet and new computer technology.
content	experience	· Provides one-on-one end-user problem resolution over the phone for user’s System related software Queries.
content	experience	· Delivers, tags, sets up and assists in the configuration of end-user PC desktop hardware, software and peripherals.
content	experience	· Diagnoses and resolves end-user network or local printer problems, PC hardware problems and mainframe, e-mail, Internet, WLAN and local-area network access problems.
content	experience	· Coordinates timely repair of PC computer equipment covered by third-party vendor maintenance agreements
content	experience	· Ability to provide a full range of support and client relationship services ranging from first through to third line support and customer on-site visits.
content	experience	· Ability to work independently and within a team-spirited environment.
content	experience	· Attention to details with a desire to create high quality products.
content	experience	· Good knowledge and understanding about the network infrastructure and protocols such as TCP/IP, HTTP,etc.,
content	experience	· Working knowledge of , DHCP Server, DNS Server , Proxy Server on Linux and windows.
content	experience	· Desktop (PCs, Laptops and Peripherals) hands-on experience for both hardware and software.
content	experience	· Ability to install local area network cabling systems and equipment such as network interface cards, hubs and switches.
content	experience	· Ability to create and maintain Websites.
header	education	Academic Qualification
content	education	· M.Tech from Madras Institute of Technology,Anna University in 2015.
content	education	Aggregate – 74%.
content	education	· B.Tech from Sri Ram Engineering College,Anna University in 2012.Aggregate – 72%.
content	education	· Higher Secondary from P.A.K Palanisamy Hr Sec School in 2008. Aggregate – 75%.
content	education	· S.S.L.C from P.A.K Palanisamy Hr Sec School in 2006. Aggregate – 82%.
header	knowledge	Technical Skills
content	knowledge	· Operating Systems : Windows Family, Unix and Linux.
content	knowledge	· Programming Languages : C,C++ and Core Java .
content	knowledge	· Servers : Dell R810,R900 and R905.
content	knowledge	· Routers : Cisco 1800, 2600, 3800, 7600.
content	knowledge	· Switches : Cisco 2960, 3560, 4506, 6513.
content	knowledge	· Firewall : Cisco PIX 515, 525, ASA 5510,5550.
content	knowledge	· WiFi : Cisco and Netgear.
header	experience	Work Experience
content	experience	Institution : Anna University ,MITCampus,Chrompet from 15th Nov 2012 - Till Now.
content	experience	Designation: Network and System Administrator.
header	experience	Roles and Responsibilities
content	experience	· Installing, Administrating and troubleshooting Operating systems of Windows family,Centos, Red Hat and Ubuntu.
content	experience	· Managing user accounts and giving share & security level permissions.
content	experience	· Responsible for installing, setting up, maintaining network and also configuring the peripherals, cabling and equipments as per the requirement.
content	experience	· Responsible for maintaining the institutional strategies such as designing, implementing and maintenance of enterprise network components.
content	experience	· Responsible for monitoring the availability of components for successful communication.
content	experience	· Responsible for maintaining the Backup network, hardware, software, files on a regular basis as per the University norms.
content	experience	· Timely analysis of repairs and replacements.
content	experience	· Managing database of the server.
content	experience	· Responsible for configuring & troubleshooting routers (netgear & cisco) and switches.
content	experience	· Responsible for troubleshooting Microsoft windows issues.
content	experience	· Monitoring complete network & providing network statistics.
content	experience	· Responsible for the installation of software’s like antivirus, MS-office, adobe & acrobat reader etc.
content	experience	· Responsible for maintaining and troubleshooting Internet issues.
header	others	Achievements/Contributions
content	others	· Played an active part in Successfully conducting various International Conferences,Workshops,Seminars & Training Programmes and other Technical & Non –technical events.
content	others	· Participated and have won prizes in sports activities.
content	others	Assets
content	others	· Hardworking, Self confident, meets deadlines on task entrusted and ample analyzing capacity.
content	others	· Takes Initiative and no additional directions are required once work is explained and assigned.
content	others	· Team player
header	others	Hobbies/Co-Curricular Activities
content	others	· Net Surfing.
content	others	· Blood donation.
content	others	· Playing Cricket and Volley Ball.
content	others	· Listening to Music.
header	others	Personal Information
meta	others	Father’s Name : Sugumar R
meta	others	Date of Birth : 08-05-1990.
meta	others	Marital status : Single.
meta	knowledge	Languages Known : Tamil,English, and Telugu.
meta	others	Passport Number : K3862822
meta	others	Joining : Immediately( With NOC )
meta	others	Declaration
meta	others	I hereby declare that the above furnished information is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
meta	others	Place:
meta	others	Date : (Gowri Sankar S)
meta	others	2
