meta	others	Microsoft Word - GAGANDEEP SINGH.docx
meta	others	GAGANDEEP SINGH
meta	others	E-Mail : gagan. 2492 @ g mail . com / Pho n e: 098 71988200
meta	others	Goal-oriented professional targeting assignments with a leading organisation of repute which provides me job satisfaction
meta	others	as well as self-development and help me achieve personal as well as organizational goals.
header	experience	• B.Tech. (Information Technology) professional with over 3 years of experience in Business and
content	experience	Data Analysis
content	experience	• Currently associated with Xerox Business Services India Private Limited, NOIDA as Associate
content	experience	Business Analyst
content	experience	• Certified SAS Programmer with over two years of experience in Analysis, development, testing and
content	experience	validating the applications.
content	experience	• Worked on SAS/Base, SAS/Stat, and SAS/Macro.
content	experience	• Coordinated with end users for designing and implementation of analytics solutions as per project
content	experience	proposals.
content	experience	• Used advanced Microsoft Excel to create pivot tables, used VLOOKUP, and other Excel
content	experience	functions.
content	experience	• Formulated procedures for integration of R programming plans with data sources and
content	experience	delivery systems.
content	experience	• Provided technical assistance for development and execution of test plans and cases as per client
content	experience	requirements.
content	experience	• Supported technical team members in development of automated processes for data extraction and
content	experience	analysis.
content	experience	• Participated in learning of techniques for statistical analysis projects, algorithms and new methods.
content	experience	• Prepared detailed technical documentation such as workflows, scripts and diagrams in coordination
content	experience	with research scientists.
content	experience	• Followed System Development Life Cycle (SDLC) methodology for the design, development,
content	experience	implementation, and testing of various SAS modules
content	experience	• Possess knowledge of SQL/PLSQL, JIRA and MS Office
content	experience	• Extremely energetic, detail oriented, organized, team player with strong analytical abilities,
content	experience	communication skills, interpersonal skills, and problem solving skills
content	experience	• Highly persistent and motivated with willingness to assume responsibility
content	experience	• Well versed with BI tools like Tableau and SAS.
content	experience	• An effective system/business analyst with excellent requirement gathering skills & problem solving
content	experience	Since Aug’14 with Xerox Business Services India Private Limited, NOIDA as Associate Business Analyst
content	experience	Client Name:-Delta Airlines
header	experience	Responsibilities:-
content	experience	• Ability to write some common macros that are useful across multiple studies.
content	experience	• Ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously and meet the deadlines as and when required.
content	experience	• Created and implement robust database applications and reporting solutions for the Healthcare
content	experience	Analytics department.
content	experience	• Perform validation on derived datasets and following the standard operating procedures during the
content	experience	validation process.
content	experience	• Created reports using analysis output and exported them to the web to enable the customers to
content	experience	have access through internet using tools like tableau.
header	others	P R O F I L E S U M M A R Y
header	experience	O R G A N I S A T I O N A L E X P E R I E N C E
content	experience	• Experienced in handling Terabytes of records and manipulating them through SAS.
content	experience	• Imported raw data files in excel format in SAS and subsequently created SAS Datasets and
content	experience	performed data manipulations on the datasets.
content	experience	• Cleaned existing data and converted them into useful SAS Datasets, merged datasets and created
content	experience	reports based on Ad-hoc requirements.
content	experience	• Extensively used PROC SQL and SELECT sub-queries to generate various reports by connecting to
content	experience	the Database.
content	experience	• Documentation, presentation, data reports and model results to the team/manager.
content	experience	• Used various Statistical Procedures like PROC FREQ, PROC REPORT and PROC TABULATE to
content	experience	analyse data and generate reports.
content	experience	• Presenting data using graphs, tables, charts with data visualization tools like Tableau.
content	experience	• Used SAS macros to automate manual reporting’s.
content	experience	• Worked closely with Statisticians, Data managers.
content	experience	• B.Tech. (Information Technology) from Inderprastha Engineering College, UPTU, Ghaziabad in 2014 with 71.7%
content	experience	• 12th from CBSE Board in 2009 with 69.6%
content	experience	• 10th from CBSE Board in 2007 with 69.66%
content	experience	1. Nirvana:
content	experience	Defined all the eligibility and rates for the population on whom the new desired health care rates were going to be
content	experience	implemented on the basis of new IRS standards.
content	experience	2. Open Enrolment(ongoing Project)
content	experience	Predicting and providing the eligibility to the population on every year basis.
content	experience	• Java Certification from CMC
content	experience	• Big Data & Hadoop Certification from Edureka
content	experience	• Data Science using SAS and R certification from AnalytixLabs
content	experience	• SAS Certified base Programmer from SAS institute
content	experience	• Took part in Aspirations 2020 (Coding Competition) organised by Infosys Ltd.
content	experience	• Won SQL competition at college level
content	experience	• Performed automation of tasks using Excel Macros
content	experience	• Stood runner-up in Cricketathon (Cricket Match) organised by Xerox
content	experience	• Participated in various sports competitions at school level
content	knowledge	Operating Systems:-MS Windows XP/MAC OS X
content	knowledge	Language: SAS 9.1.3, R 3.2.3 , SQL/PLSQL, Core Java
content	knowledge	ANALYTICS TOOLS: SAS( Base & Advanced including Proc SQL, Macros), SQL, R, EXCEL
content	knowledge	ReportingTool:-Tableau 8.1
content	knowledge	Database: SQL server,Sybase
meta	others	Date of Birth: 24th March 1992
header	education	A C A D E M I C D E T A I L S
header	project	P R O J E C T S
header	education	C E R T I F I C A T I O N S
header	others	E X T R A C U R R I C U L A R A C T I V I T I E S
header	knowledge	IT S K I L L S
header	others	P E R S O N A L D E T A I L S
