meta	others	DISPATCH & LOGISTICS EXECUTIVE
meta	others	Seeking a position to utilize my experience, skills and abilities in an Industry that have offers
meta	others	professional growth while being resourceful.
header	experience	PROFILE
content	experience	❖ Competent and result-oriented professional having 9 years of experience with
content	experience	M/s. Orient Abrasives Limited (Ashapura Group of Industries), Porabandar, Gujarat.
content	experience	• To prepare dispatch planning on day-to-day basis as per the Marketing Indent and the
content	experience	stock position of finished products.
content	experience	• To prepare daily stock report, daily sales report, daily balance order position and dispatch
content	experience	planning.
content	experience	• To coordinate with subordinates and follow up for packing of finished products on daily
content	experience	basis, re-stocking and loading. Organizes item orders by editing for price, promotions,
content	experience	weight compliance.
content	experience	• Arranges shipments by checking stock position to determine the inventory levels,
content	experience	anticipating delivery requirements, placing and expediting orders. Ships items by
content	experience	examining items, destination, route, rate, delivery time, ordering carriers etc.,
content	experience	• Verify items shipped by matching bills of lading, reconciling quantities, noting
content	experience	discrepancies.
content	experience	• Keeps customers informed by forwarding notice of item availability, shipment date and
content	experience	method and current status, answering questions.
content	experience	• Replace damaged items, shortages, and miss-shipments by determining optimal response
content	experience	of replacement or credit.
content	experience	• Accomplishes organization goals by accepting ownership for accomplishing new and
content	experience	different requests, exploring opportunities to add value to job accomplishments.
meta	others	SANJAY KUMAR MAHARANA
meta	others	+91-9909008113 / 7984869315
meta	others	E-mail: maharanaskm2014@rediffmail.com
meta	others	Near Gangeshwar Mahadev Temple,
meta	others	Narsanghtekri,
meta	others	Dist-Porbandar, Gujarat.360577.
content	experience	• To arrange and indent trucks as per planning of dispatch and freight negotiation with
content	experience	transporter and parties. Always we can try to lower the freight charges.
content	experience	• Check the Transporter bill and forward to accounts dept. for further process.
content	experience	• Assisting on Warehousing activities along with Dispatch Procedure for all the products
content	experience	produced in the premises.
content	experience	• To prepare invoice as per purchase order and loading material.
content	experience	• To create E-waybill and 402 form as per invoice details.
content	experience	• Prepare a MIS Report, Weekly Report, Daily Report and Monthly Report.
content	experience	• To verify the invoice with shipment of suppliers, purchase order, prices and truck no.
content	experience	• Working in SAP system (SD Module).
content	experience	• Knowledge of GST.
content	experience	❖ Competent and result oriented professional having 3 years and 7 months of experience
content	experience	with M/s. Mid India Power & Steel Limited (Ruchi Group of Industries), Gandhidham,
content	experience	Gujarat.
content	experience	• Materials handling as per (Store-Spares Mechanicals Electricals Production Capital
content	experience	Instrumentation R & D Laboratory Civil, Raw materials and General Items etc.,).
content	experience	• Handing of Material Receipt, Rejection, Replacement and Loan Materials etc.
content	experience	• Follow up with Transporters etc. to take delivery of outside material.
content	experience	• Bill passing of Raw material & Engineering material.
content	experience	• Maintain document flow of ISO 9001-2000. Prepare the Bin card, store ledger, Stock
content	experience	identification card, material receive note, material requisition slip, material return slip,
content	experience	MIS & etc.
content	experience	• Knowledge of VAT, Excise.
content	experience	❖ Competent and result oriented professional having 11 months of experience with
content	experience	M/s. Koteshwar Chem Food Limited, Gandhidham, Gujarat.
content	experience	• Handling of Job work material (finalization and preparation of Job Order) and follow up.
content	experience	• Handing of Material Receipt, Rejection, Replacement, and Loan Materials etc.
header	experience	PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
content	experience	• M/s. Orient Abrasives Limited (Ashapura Group of Industries), Porbandar, Gujarat –
content	experience	Oct.2008 to Present, Position held: Sales & Logistics Executive.
content	experience	• M/s. Mid India Power & Steel Limited (Ruchi Group of Industries), Gandhidam, Gujarat –
content	experience	Mar.2005 to Oct.2008, Position held: Sr. Assistant Stores.
content	experience	• M/s. Koteshwar Chem food Limited, Gandhidam, Gujarat – May.2004 to Mar. 2005,
content	experience	Position held: Assistant Store.
header	knowledge	KEY SKILLS
content	knowledge	• To prepare the dispatch planning on day-to-day basis as per requirement of customers
content	knowledge	and stock position of finished products.
content	knowledge	• Ability to work in shifts as per the job requirement.
content	knowledge	• Good verbal and written communication skills with ability to handle the complex
content	knowledge	situations towards the required result.
header	education	ACADEMIA
content	education	MBA (Material & Finance Management), 2011 Indian Institute of Management Research and
content	education	Technology, Ahmedabad, Gujarat.
content	education	B.Com (Account Hons), 2001, Utkal University, Bhubaneswar, Odisha.
content	education	PGDCA, 2007, NISCT, Bhubaneswar, Odisha.
content	education	TALLY (6.3 & 7.2), 2007, NISCT, Bhubaneswar, Odisha.
header	knowledge	SOFTWARE KNOWLEDGE
content	knowledge	• MS-Office
content	knowledge	• SAP (SD Module)
header	others	PERSONAL PROFORMA:
meta	others	Date of Birth : 04th July 1981
meta	knowledge	Languages spoken : English, Hindi, Oriya & Guajarati.
meta	others	Marital status : Married
meta	others	PRESENT SALARY : Rs 5.00 lacs/PA and other Benefits.
meta	others	EXPECTED SALARY : Negotiable
