header	others	CURRICULUM VITAE
meta	others	KOUSHIK BANERJEE
meta	others	Email – koushikb92@gmail.com
meta	others	Mobile – +91 9804768139
meta	others	+91 8116526922
header	others	CAREER OBJECTIVE:
meta	others	Seeking assignment with an organization of repute and to hold a challenging position to contribute my skills and growth along with the organization itself.
header	knowledge	PERSONAL SKILLS:
content	knowledge	Comprehensive problem solving abilities, excellent verbal and written communication skills, ability to deal with people diplomatically, willingness to learn team facilitator hard worker.
header	education	ACADEMIC:
content	education	· Graduate in Bachelor of Arts from the University of Calcutta in the year of 2012.
content	education	· Class XII from West Bengal Council of Higher Secondary Education Board in the year 2009.
content	education	· Class X from West Bengal Board of Secondary Education in the year 2007.
header	knowledge	SKILL SET:
content	knowledge	· Advance MS Excel (e.g Vlookup, Hlookup, Pivot Table, Mail merge, etc)
content	knowledge	· Mailing.
content	knowledge	· PowerPoint presentation.
content	knowledge	· Microsoft Word.
content	knowledge	· Tally ERP9.
content	knowledge	· Internet Searching.
content	knowledge	· Financial Accounting Software.
header	experience	WORKING EXPERIENCE:
content	experience	At present working at ASR Consultancy since May 2017 with the following responsibilities-
content	experience	 Computation of GST, Filing of Various GST return, and few other related works of GST.
content	experience	 Maintenance of day to day books including monthly and quarterly closing of Accounts of
content	experience	Various entities.
content	experience	 Computation of Income and Filing of IT returns of various Individuals, Firms, Pvt. Ltd.
content	experience	Companies.
content	experience	 Preparation of necessary documents such as IT returns, P&L, Balance sheet, Projected
content	experience	&Estimated
content	experience	P& L and Balance Sheet etc. for taking/raising loans.
content	experience	 Works related to Digital Signature, NSDL (PAN, TAN, and TDS etc.)
header	others	PERSONAL VITAE:
meta	others	Name : Koushik Banerjee
meta	others	Father’s Name : Shanti Kumar Banerjee
meta	others	Mother’s Name : Uma Rani Banerjee
meta	others	Permanent Address : Vill - Berugram,
meta	others	P.O. – Chandipur Berugram
meta	others	Dist – Burdwan;
meta	others	Pin – 713142;
meta	others	State-West Bengal.
meta	others	Present Address : 140/1 Feeder Road,
meta	others	PO+PS-Belgharia
meta	others	Dist-North 24 Parganas
meta	others	Pin-700056, State-West Bengal
meta	others	Marital Status : Unmarried
meta	others	Religion : Hindu
meta	others	Date Of Birth : 01.02.1992
meta	others	Hobbies : Playing cricket.
meta	knowledge	Languages Known : Bengali, English and Hindi
meta	others	PLACE:- Kolkata
meta	others	DATE:- Signature
