meta	others	Page 1 of 4
header	others	RESUME
meta	others	Suriyanarayanan
meta	others	+919043948348
meta	others	ksuriyanarayanan.shr@gmail.com
header	others	OBJECTIVE
content	others	Seeking a challenging and rewarding career in ERP as SAP consultant where I can contribute my
content	others	knowledge and skills for growth and development of the organization.
header	experience	PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
content	experience	 Playing the role of SAP ABAPer
content	experience	 4.5 years of working experience in SAP ABAP 
content	experience	 Sound knowledge in RICEF object development models 
content	experience	 Good knowledge in SAP HR and SAP SD Module 
content	experience	 Well exposed to SAP upgrade 
content	experience	 Worked in Development, Support and Enhancement projects 
header	education	EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION:
content	education	Bachelor degree in Computer Science from Madras Institute of Technology, Anna University,
content	education	Chennai, India – graduated in August 2012 (Cumulative GPA:6.3).
header	experience	EMPLOYMENT HISTORY:
content	experience	Company Name : Cognizant
content	experience	Job Title : Consultant
content	experience	Division : SAP Managed Development Services
content	experience	Industry : Information Technology Services
content	experience	Date Joined : November, 2012
content	experience	Duration : November, 2012 to present
content	experience	Work Location : Chennai, India.
header	knowledge	SKILL SET:
content	knowledge	SAP ABAP Skill Set:
content	knowledge	 Data Dictionary 
content	knowledge	 Reports, ALV (Normal and OO ALV) 
content	knowledge	 BAPI 
content	knowledge	 Enhancements (BADI and User Exit) 
content	knowledge	 Script and Smart Forms 
content	knowledge	 IDOCs 
content	knowledge	 Conversions (BDC and LSMW) 
content	knowledge	 Webdynpro
meta	others	Page 2 of 4
header	project	CONSULTING PROJECT EXPERIENCES
content	experience	1. July 2014 – Till date:
content	experience	Company : The Clorox Company, US and ATLAS
content	experience	My Role : SAP Consultant
header	experience	ABAP Responsibility:
content	experience	 Created many custom tables along with table maintenance generator. Applied
content	experience	validations through TMG events. 
content	experience	 Added custom fields by APPEND structure to sales order tables. 
content	experience	 Developed reports for country-specific taxation using XML transfer to the Government
content	experience	Website. 
content	experience	 Created a report that automatically post invoice documents. 
content	experience	 Created many ALV reports (both normal and interactive) using function module and
content	experience	converted the spool output into PDF. 
content	experience	 Developed class to display ALV and send the report to mail recipients. 
content	experience	 Developed a report to mass update the sales order details. 
content	experience	 Created internal table dynamically and displayed it in ALV.
content	experience	 Worked extensively on sales order and billing user-exits, MV45A*** and RV60A***. 
content	experience	 Implemented BAdi’s BADI_FDCB_SUBBAS05 to add additional field in MIRO for
content	experience	facilitating Electronic Accounting. 
content	experience	 Implemented implicit enhancement to update the internal order number in the
content	experience	purchase requisition creation for Third Party Order process. 
content	experience	 Worked with BAPIs to update the custom fields in material master. 
content	experience	 Used BAPI BAPI_SALESORDER_CREATEFROMDAT2 to create sales orders along with
content	experience	custom fields created in Additional Data tabs. 
content	experience	 Good experience in handling pricing condition routines and output control requirement
content	experience	routines. 
content	experience	 Worked on extract programs during migration of SAP HR to WORKDAY.
content	experience	 Worked on reprocessing the failed inbound IDOCs. 
content	experience	 Worked on extension of standard IDOC segments and manipulating data to those custom
content	experience	segments.
content	experience	 Modified Smartforms for billing documents and Sales order based on the new
content	experience	requirements and implemented barcode for shipping and delivery number. 
content	experience	 Created BDC programs (both session and call transaction) to post accounting documents,
content	experience	sales deal, etc. 
content	experience	 Created LSMW to maintain the plan data for transaction code PP02 via batch input
content	experience	session. 
content	experience	 Involved in developing Technical specification by understanding the Functional
content	experience	requirements.
content	experience	 Very good in debugging and troubleshooting techniques. 
content	experience	 Worked closely with functional consultants from requirement gathering to implementation. 
meta	others	
meta	others	
meta	others	
meta	others	
meta	others	
meta	others	
meta	others	
meta	others	
meta	others	
meta	others	
meta	others	
meta	others	Page 3 of 4
content	experience	2. April 2016 – Till date:
content	experience	Company : PETSMART
content	experience	My Role : SAP Consultant
header	experience	ABAP Responsibility:
content	experience	 Worked on reprocessing the failed inbound IDOCs. 
content	experience	 Created few custom fields to the existing custom table and changed the primary key
content	experience	fields to improve the performance of existing program.
content	experience	 Created a program to automatically reprocess the FI related IDOCs. 
content	experience	 Prepared Knowledge base documents for frequently occurring incidents.
content	experience	3. December 2012 to – July 2013
content	experience	Company : United Nations, US
content	experience	Project Name : UN-UMOJA
content	experience	My Role : ABAP Consultant
header	experience	Responsibility :
content	experience	 Preparation of technical specification documents based on the functional specifications. 
content	experience	 Developed Webdynpro Applications for updating the bank details of employees and
content	experience	transfer of an employee within organization, changing the designation of an employee
content	experience	and termination of an employee using WebDynrpo Application. 
content	experience	 Worked on simple changes in Adobe Forms (non interactive)
content	experience	 Worked on hook methods as well as methods defined for custom action. 
content	experience	 Worked on Assistance class
content	experience	 Worked on controlling various parameters of the objects like visibility, text, input enabled
content	experience	based on roles. 
content	experience	 Prepared Unit Test cases and performed the same. 
header	experience	ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE:
content	experience	Jan 2013 – Till date:
content	experience	 Part of a development team for a tool that minimizes the effort required for understanding
content	experience	the functional configuration in a SAP system (Reverse Engineering Tool).
content	experience	 Developed multiple extraction reports from configuration tables for this tool. 
content	experience	 Prepared technical solution for all the modules in the tool. 
content	experience	 Part of a development team for IDOC and Background job monitoring tool. 
content	experience	 Conducted training on basic concepts of Webdynpro for the freshers.
meta	others	
header	others	ACHIEVEMENTS
content	others	 Awarded ‘Above and Beyond the Call of Duty’ for taking care of critical incidents. 
content	others	 Awarded ‘Associate of the Quarter’ for outstanding overall performance. 
content	others	 Awarded ‘Stellar Success’ for completing a project single-handedly. 
meta	others	Page 4 of 4
content	others	TRAININGS ATTENDED
content	others	 3 months full time ABAP training 
content	others	 Webdynpro ABAP 
header	others	GENERAL
meta	others	Name : Suriyanarayanan K
meta	others	Date of Birth : 21 August, 1990
meta	others	Gender : Male
meta	others	Nationality : Indian
meta	others	Languages : English and Tamil
meta	others	Marital Status : Single
meta	others	Hobby : Music, Sports.
