meta	others	Khushnaz Y
meta	others	Khushnaz Y. Wadiwalla
meta	others	Phone: 022-.28311962, 9820944090 ● e-mail: khushnaz_wadiwalla@yahoo.com
content	experience	20 years progressive experience in the Banking industry working with multinational and nationalized and private sector banks with a major focus on providing excellent customer service and building new business.
content	experience	Highlights include -
content	experience	· Excellent knowledge of Front-Office processes for Retail Banking like new account openings, following KYC norms, generating and checking daily reports of financial as well as non-financial transactions, exception monitoring, AML monitoring, Cash Retention Limit, ATM servicing process and Reconciliation.
content	experience	· Extensive experience with Audit compliance, inward/outward clearing, RTGS (Real Time Gross Settlement), authorizing tax payments, providing various government services like Franking, tax payments.
content	experience	· In-depth understanding of consumer banking products like Savings Account, FDs, Current Accounts and 3rd party products like Mutual Funds and Insurance.
content	experience	· Strong inter-personal skills
content	experience	· Customer relationship management skills.
content	experience	· Worked with various banking systems like Finacle, Bank Master, CBS, Hogan, finware, lotus notes
content	experience	· Supervised and managed team sizes upto 35 people.
header	experience	AWARDS / Achievements:
content	experience	· Qualified for international as well as domestic trip from HDFC LIFE for achieving team objective and targets in insurance sales.
content	experience	· Consistently achieving a good personal rating as well as good rating in audit for the branch.
content	experience	· Consistently achieved an “Excellent” rating in performance appraisal at IDBI bank for the past 2 years.
content	experience	· Achieved an excellent rating in audit for IDBI Prabhadevi branch for 05-06 and 06-07.
content	experience	· Received the Merit Award for Overall Performance 4 times from ANZ Grindlays Bank.
content	experience	· Received the Merit Award for Excellent Customer Service 4 times from ANZ Grindlays Bank.
content	experience	· Received an Award for maximum mobilization of mutual funds for the Branch.
content	experience	· Received Loyalty Award from Standard Chartered bank for completing more than 10 years with the bank
header	education	Education:
content	education	· B.Com - 1st Class from Bombay University
content	education	Narsee Monjee College of Commerce and Economics
content	education	· Honours In Systems Management from NIIT
content	education	· C.A.I.I.B. conducted by Indian Institute of Bankers
content	education	· AMFI certified
content	education	· NCFM-Depository module
header	knowledge	Technical Skills:
content	knowledge	Finacle, Bank master, CBS (Centralised Banking System), Hogan, MS Office, Lotus notes, netscape, FINWARE
header	experience	Professional Experience:
meta	experience	HDFC BANK
meta	experience	July08 – Present
content	experience	PERSONAL BANKER AUTHORISER (Santacruz W)
content	experience	· Supervising the personal bankers and ensuring that they achieve their targets
content	experience	· Responsible for personal bankers’ productivity
content	experience	· Over looking overall operations of the branch
content	experience	· Monitoring high value transactions.
content	experience	· Taking care of inquiries from statutory authorities.
content	experience	· Complaints Management
content	experience	· Working as Backup Branch Manager for a branch sized 950cr.
content	experience	· Maintaining Service Quality ratings as excellent for the branch.
content	experience	· Ensuring good audit ratings for the branch.
content	experience	IDBI BANK
meta	experience	Jun 04 – July 08
content	experience	BRANCH HEAD (Powai)
meta	experience	Nov 2007 – present
content	experience	· Responsible for setting up the infrastructure and operations for a new branch.
content	experience	· Extensive coordination with various departments like IT, Administration, Finance to ensure the branch was inaugurated on schedule.
content	experience	· Responsible for new Business Development and achieving the targets of the branch.
content	experience	· Responsible for the overall Operations of the branch.
content	experience	· Set up of the Front-Office processes of the branch and coordinated with the Back-Office processing team to ensure the smooth operations of the new branch.
content	experience	· Trained the staff in front office processes, customer service and the use of banking solutions like Finacle.
content	experience	· Responsible for motivating the team to achieve the goals and targets
content	experience	Service and Operations Manager
meta	experience	June 04 - Oct 07
content	experience	· Responsible for the day-to-day Front Office operations of the branch
content	experience	· Generated and checked daily reports like accounts status, exception reports, cash balances, overdrafts.
content	experience	· Responsible for monitoring new accounts and high value transactions.
content	experience	· Provided various government services like Franking, authorizing tax payments, issuing GOI bonds, etc.
content	experience	· Responsible for authorizing and processing new accounts opening.
content	experience	· Acted as the joint custodian for vault and ATM
content	experience	· Responsible for training the staff and coordination of all Front office activities.
content	experience	· Responsible for cross-selling of banking products
content	experience	· Officiated as the Branch manager in his/her absence
content	experience	Standard Chartered Bank
meta	experience	2000-2004
content	experience	Customer Service officer
content	experience	2003-2004
content	experience	· Worked as the Head Cashier and responsible for handling all the transactions at the Cash counter.
content	experience	· Processing all transactions at teller counter
content	experience	· Responsible for Cross selling banking products to customers
content	experience	Teller Services Manager
content	experience	2002 – 2003
content	experience	· Supervised the teller counter
content	experience	· Managed the cash position in the branch and monitored the cash retention limit.
content	experience	· Responsible for generation and checking of daily reports
content	experience	· Responsible for ATM servicing/balancing
content	experience	· Managed the housekeeping and operations of the branch.
content	experience	Personal Financial Consultant
content	experience	2000-2002
content	experience	· Responsible for assessing and addressing customer needs and providing a high level of customer service.
content	experience	· Recommending appropriate financial solutions including liability products, mutual funds, credit cards and Demat accounts.
content	experience	· Creating Business Development Reports.
content	experience	· Responsible for Customer relationship management.
content	experience	ANZ Grindlays Bank
content	experience	Customer Service Executive
content	experience	1991-2000
content	experience	· Responsible for inward/outward clearing.
content	experience	· Handled various Front Office operations like Account Opening/Closing, Remittances, Fixed deposits etc.
content	experience	· Generated Back office reports
content	experience	· Responsible for selling Mutual funds and loan products
