header	others	RESUME
meta	others	AMAN KUMAR SINGH E-mail: amanssingh120@gmail.com
meta	others	Mobile: +917506171806
header	others	OBJECTIVE
content	others	To work with maximum potential in a challenging and dynamic environment, with an opportunity of working with diverse group of people and enhancing my professional skills with learning and experience for career growth.
header	experience	PROFESSIONAL SUMMERY
content	experience	· 3+ Years of experience in IT which is More than 2.5 + Years of Experience in Tableau Developer (Tableau Desktop 9x,9.1) and 8 month of Experience in CMC Ltd (Support Engineer).
content	experience	· Hands on Experience in development of Reports and Dashboard in Tableau.
content	experience	· Experience in designing and deploying data visualizations using Tableau Desktop.
content	experience	· Creating workbooks by importing the data, define relationship (Excel, SQL Server)
content	experience	· Hands on knowledge of tableau advance chart like Donut Chart, Waterfall Chart, Lollypop chart etc.
content	experience	· Worked on Filters, Context Filter, Quick Filter (Normal Filter, Date Filter, Cascading Filter).
content	experience	· Worked on User security for confidential report.
content	experience	· Worked on Hierarchy in which user see the data at their level only.
content	experience	· Created parameters in reports to make it more user-friendly.
content	experience	· Formatting the data by using Marks, Colors, Size, Text and Shapes.
content	experience	· Experience in various reporting objects like Hierarchies, Sets, Groups and Calculation fields (Date Calculations, If and Else, IIF, case, LOD expression, Table Calculation etc.)
content	experience	· Worked on development Actions with worksheet and dashboard reports.
content	experience	· Worked on Tabcmd to add or remove Users from Groups through user CSV file.
content	experience	· Worked on giving permission, creating subscription, schedule refresh and run on server.
content	experience	· Created table charts, filled maps, pie charts, side-by-side bars, tree maps, circle views, circle-by-circle views, heat maps and lines.
content	experience	· Worked with actions reporting Drill up and Drill down through reports.
header	education	EDUCATIONAL PROFILE
content	education	Graduated in Bachelor of Technology (B-Tech) from UPTU in the year 2014 with specialization in Computer Science Engineering.
header	experience	PROFESSIONAL PROFILE
content	experience	Working as a Tableau Developer in Marico Ltd, Mumbai on payroll of Lobo Staffing Solution, from Oct -17 to till date.
header	knowledge	TECHNICAL SKILLS
content	knowledge	BI Tools: Tableau Desktop (10x, 9.1, 9.2).
content	knowledge	Server: Tableau Server.
content	knowledge	Database: MS SQL Server 2008.
content	knowledge	Applications: MS Office 2007, 2010, Theobald Extractor
header	others	ACHIEVEMENTS
content	knowledge	I have done certification course on Java Programming (Basic & Advance) from Seed InfoTech.
header	project	PROJECT HANDLED
content	project	Marico Ltd, Oct – 2017 to Till Date
content	project	Project1: MOR Dashboard
content	project	Role: Tableau Developer.
content	project	Description: This report gives the information about Sales (Primary and Secondary) at all Level. So it helps to get decision for business growth.
header	project	Job Responsibilities:
content	experience	· Worked with Business users to understand the user requirements, layout, and Look and feel of the application to be deployed.
content	experience	· Generated Dashboards with Parameters, Groups and sets to handle views more efficiently.
content	experience	· Worked on Dashboard container like Vertical and horizontal for adjust multiple sheets.
content	experience	· Worked on Action at multiple Data sources Level.
content	experience	· Worked on color coding in multiple graph.
content	project	Environments: Windows, Tableau Desktop 10.5, Tableau Server 10.5.
header	project	Project1: Travel Dashboard.
content	project	Role: Tableau Developer.
content	project	Description: To analyze all expenses of Employees by Financial Team. Like Hotel Expense, Air Ticket Claim, Car Hire Claims etc.
header	project	Job Responsibilities:
content	experience	· Understand requirement, Analyzing System and source Databases.
content	experience	· Worked with Business users to understand the user requirements, layout, and Look and feel of the application to be deployed.
content	experience	· Generated Dashboards with filters, Parameters, Groups and sets to handle views more efficiently.
content	experience	· Worked on Dashboard container like Vertical and horizontal for adjust multiple sheets.
content	experience	· Worked on color coding in multiple graph.
content	project	Environments: Windows, Tableau Desktop 10.2, Tableau Server 10.2.
header	project	Project2: Sales Dashboard
content	project	Role: Tableau Developer.
content	project	Description: This Sales reports guide sales leaders’ for decision making, and analyzing their sales on different parameter like Achievement%, Growth% .Therefore this give a critical priority for all sales forces.
header	project	Job Responsibilities:
content	experience	· Understand requirement, Analyzing System and source Databases.
content	experience	· Worked with Business users to understand the user requirements, layout, and Look and feel of the application to be deployed.
content	experience	· Generated Dashboards with filters, Parameters, Groups and sets to handle views more efficiently.
content	experience	· Worked on user filter.
content	experience	· Worked on user hierarchy by which user can see their respective data.
content	experience	· Generate the data in dashboard on multiple time variant level like MTD, LYMTD, YTD, LYTD, QTD etc.
content	experience	Environments: Windows, Tableau Desktop 10.2, Tableau Server 10.2.
content	others	Lodha Group, May – 2016 to Oct - 2017
header	project	Project1#: Milestone Calendar.
content	project	Role: Tableau Developer.
content	project	Description: Milestone calendar report gives information to business user to get the status of all milestones for their projects.
header	project	Job Responsibilities:
content	experience	· Understand requirement, Analyzing System and source Databases.
content	experience	· Worked with Business Analyst and the Business users to understand the user requirements, layout, and Look and feel of the application to be deployed.
content	experience	· Extract all SAP tables using Theobald extractor and get tables in SQL.
content	experience	· Implement the business logic in SQL.
content	experience	· Generated Dashboards with filters, Parameters, Groups and sets to handle views more efficiently.
content	experience	· Sophisticated stored procedures and triggers to provide complete technical solutions.
content	experience	· Use multiple calculations of Date, Date and Time, LOD expression, Action for developing required dashboard.
content	experience	· Worked with all levels of development from analysis through implementation and support.
content	experience	· Build and publish Tableau reports utilizing complex calculated fields, table calculations, filters, parameters.
content	experience	Environments: Windows, MS-SQL Server 2008, Tableau 9.1, Tableau Server.
meta	others	(Aman Singh)
