meta	others	Sample CV for Freshers
meta	others	KAMARTHI LINGESH
meta	others	Email: lingesh.kamarthi17@gmail.com
meta	others	Mobile: +919908992131
header	others	Career Objective:
content	others	· To work for an organization that provides me an opportunity to improve my skills and knowledge along with the organization objective.
header	others	Profile Summary-
content	others	· An enthusiastic fresher with highly motivated and leadership skills having Bachelors of Engineering degree in Electrical and Electronics Engineering.
content	others	· Expert in implementation of each step in project.
content	others	· Eager to learn new technologies and methodologies.
content	others	· Always willing to innovate new things which can improve the existing technology
header	education	Educational Qualifications:
content	education	· B.Tech with 62.23% from “St Johns College Of Engineering & Technology”, Andhra Pradesh.
content	education	· Intermediate with 83.9% from “Sri Gayatri college”, Andhra Pradesh.
content	education	· S.S.C with 73.8% marks from “Machani Somappa English Medium School”, Andhra Pradesh.
header	others	Personality Traits:
content	others	· Highly motivated and eager to learn new things.
content	others	· Strong motivational and leadership skills.
content	others	· Ability to produce best result in critical situation.
content	others	· Excellent communication skills.
content	others	· Ability to work as individual as well as in group.
header	knowledge	Computer skills:
content	knowledge	· HTML, CSS and JavaScript.
content	knowledge	· Well operating in Ms office
header	others	Achievements:
content	others	· Participated in National Paper Presentation held at yerrakota.
header	others	Extracurricular activities:
content	others	· Participated as Lead in the college tech-fest in “St Johns College Of Engineering & Technology”
content	others	· Participated in NSS camp held in our college.
content	others	Experience: One year of experience as a Data Analyst.
content	others	Strengths:
content	others	· Self-disciplined/ Self-Motivated/ Ability to work independently and quality conscience.
content	others	· Self-Learning attitude, Sense of Responsibility and Dynamic Team player.
content	others	· Calm and Confident.
content	others	· Exceptional abilities to identify and resolve issues.
header	others	Hobbies:
content	others	· Playing Basket ball.
content	others	· Watching tennis.
header	others	Personal Profile:
meta	others	Name : KAMARTHI LINGESH
meta	others	Date of birth
meta	others	:
content	others	17-AUG-1994
meta	others	Gender
meta	others	:
meta	others	Male
meta	others	Marital status
meta	others	:
meta	others	Single
meta	others	Nationality
meta	others	:
meta	others	Indian
header	knowledge	Languages
meta	others	:
meta	knowledge	Kanada, English, Hindi, and Telugu.
header	others	DECLARATION:
meta	others	I hereby declare that the information given above is correct as per my knowledge and I will responsible for any discrepancy.
meta	others	PLACE: YEMMIGANUR K LINGESH
