meta	others	S.SATHYA
content	others	3/177, Nethaji Road, Email: ssathya992@gmail.com.
meta	others	MelaniKuzhi, Phone: 9585339621
meta	others	Ariyalur-Dt Current Location: Velachery
header	others	OBJECTIVE:
meta	others	Seeking a challenging and satisfying career as a dedicated professional to enrich my
meta	others	skills and personal growth in conjunction with the organization’s goals and objectives.
header	experience	EXPERIENCE:
content	experience	Congenial Studioss, Chennai. Nov, 2016 – Nov,2017
content	experience	Designation : Software Developer
content	experience	Responsibility : Major Responsibilities include but not limited to
content	experience	i) Analysis, Design and Development of Web
content	experience	Application using Dot Net Frameworks.
content	experience	ii) Enhancing and Maintenance of existing developed
content	experience	websites.
content	experience	iii) Designing new Web page layout and updating
content	experience	websites.
content	experience	iv) Taking Part in Database Design and Development.
header	education	ACADEMIC PROFILE:
content	education	 Master of Engineering in Computer Science Engineering from Valliammai Engineering
content	education	College, (2016) securing 8.0 CGPA.
content	education	 Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology from Dhanalakshmi Srinivasan
content	education	Engineering College, (2013) securing 8.2 CGPA.
content	education	 High School education from Fathima Girls.Hr.Sec School (TN State Board),
content	education	Jayakondam, (2009) securing 70 Percent.
content	education	 Schooling from Kasturiammal High School (TN State Board), Nattarmangalam,(2007)
content	education	securing 79 Percent.
header	knowledge	SOFTWARE PROFICIENCY:
content	knowledge	Operating systems : Windows
content	knowledge	Languages : C#.NET, HTML, CSS, MVC, API Service, Angular JS
content	knowledge	Database : Microsoft SQL Server 2008.
content	knowledge	Web designing : HTML, CSS
content	knowledge	Scripting Languages: JavaScript, Jquery
header	project	PROJECT EXPERIENCE:
header	project	Project 1: MAS RIDE
content	experience	Type : Web Application
content	experience	Environment : Angular JS, MVC with SQL server 2012, API Service
content	experience	MAS Rides is a technology platform in which Auto & Share Auto are used to travel from one
content	experience	place to another with help of our smartphone apps which will be in connected with Drivers and
content	experience	Passengers. MAS Rides app also provides information about the driver with whom the Passenger
content	experience	is riding, shown the driver details for end the trip. This info helps both Driver and Passenger to
content	experience	get connect at pickup location. It allows the users to pay their travelling fare by Online.
header	project	Project 2: VPS ENGINEERING
content	experience	Type : Web Design
content	experience	Environment : HTML, CSS, Bootstrap
content	experience	VPS Engineering and Consultant have good exposure in delivering Engineering documents and
content	experience	deliverables in all disiciples of Civil, Mechanical Electrical and Instrumentation. It’s have good
content	experience	exposure in prepare 2D Auto CAD Drawing, Designing, Drafting ,3D CAD Modeling and supply
content	experience	the manpower provides their services.
header	project	Project 3: BENCHAWAY
content	experience	Type : Web Application
content	experience	Environment : Angular JS, MVC with SQL server 2012, API Service
content	experience	Search the Relevant Talents and map the project, based on the project completion Freelancer will
content	experience	be generate the invoice. Once the invoice was generated notification will be highlighted to the
content	experience	corresponding Corporate as well as financier, Corporate will be verifying the invoice then release
content	experience	the invoice. Financer was verified both Invoices based on the Tariff amount will be dedicated
content	experience	from the invoice and credited to the Freelancer.
header	others	PERSONAL DETAILS:
meta	others	Father’s Name : SAMBATH.K
meta	others	Date of Birth : 16/04/1992
meta	others	Gender : Female
meta	others	Nationality : Indian
meta	knowledge	Languages Known : English, Tamil
meta	others	Permanent Address : 3/177,Nethaji Road,
meta	others	Melanikuzhi,
meta	others	Ariyalur.
header	others	DECLARATION:
meta	others	I hereby declare that, all the details furnished above are true and best of my knowledge.
meta	others	Place:Chennai Yours sincerely,
meta	others	Date : (SATHYA.S)
