meta	others	CV
meta	others	Govardhan N Ph.+91-9959857197
meta	others	SAP Basis & Security Consultant e-mail: govardhan.n.313@gmail.com
meta	others	1
header	experience	Summary:
content	experience	· Having 2 years of experience as SAP Security Consultant, worked on implementation and support projects.
content	experience	· Comprehensive experience with SAP Profile Generator with strong skills related to the Authorization concepts.
content	experience	· Having technical skills in processing Tickets, Users & Authorization.
content	experience	· Daily Monitoring, Troubleshooting and Support for ERP SAP R/3.
content	experience	· Performed User related actives and worked with User Groups
content	experience	· Creation Single, Derived and Composite Roles in R/3.
content	experience	· Worked on AGR_1251, AGR_1252, AGR_AGRS, AGR_USERS, AGR_DEFINE, AGR_TCODES tables.
content	experience	· Usage of SU53, SUIM to assign the missing authorizations to the users.
content	experience	· Performed system Trace by using the T-codes ST01,STAUTHTRACE
content	experience	· Fixing of missing authorizations for a user/role through SUIM and using su53
content	experience	· Releasing request for Roles Transport across the system Land space
content	experience	· Provided the access to the Tables through S_TABU_DIS & S_TABU_NAM object.
content	experience	· Assigned the Critical Authorization Objects to the users.
content	experience	· Users Support, Trouble shooting & providing solutions.
content	experience	· Analyzing problem messages allocated and resolving them.
content	experience	· Manage the annual security and the privacy program by following the guidelines and procedures for SAP systems.
content	experience	· Documenting SAP R/3 and GRC administration procedures.
content	experience	· Maintenance of authorization objects to transactions using su24.
content	experience	· Knowledge on HCM security (Position Based) & BI Security.
content	experience	· Worked on ChaRM tool part of SAP Basis.
content	experience	· Comfortable in large-team, small-team, or individual environment.
content	experience	· Received several appreciation emails from clients and the management.
content	experience	· Comfortable with quick pace of change with a passion of learning and flexibility to adapt to changes.
header	knowledge	Technical Expertise
content	knowledge	SAP
content	knowledge	SAP R/3 Security
content	knowledge	Ticketing tools
content	knowledge	Remedy and HP QC
header	education	Education:
content	education	B.Tech from JNTU A.
content	experience	Employment Summary
content	experience	Organization
content	experience	Role
content	experience	Period
content	experience	SEAL Infotech
content	experience	Associate Consultant
content	experience	Dec 2015 – April 2017
content	experience	SIFY Technologies Pvt Ltd
content	experience	Digital Telecom Service
content	experience	April 2017 to till date
header	project	Projects Profile:
header	project	Project #2:
content	experience	Client : e-Mudra Limited
content	experience	Organization : SIFY
content	experience	Duration : April 2017 to till date
content	experience	Client: eMudhra (Digital signature certification) is a Certifying Authority (CA) authorized by the Controller of Certifying Authority (CCA) for issuance of Digital Signature Certificates in India. eMudhra provides Class 1, Class 2 and Class 3 Digital Signature Certificates (DSC) along with digital signatures for specific needs such as Income Tax filing, MCA, e-tendering, e-procurement and Foreign Trade.
header	experience	Responsibilities:
content	experience	· Worked as Digital telecom services (DTS) Associate for phone verification on digital signature certification.
content	experience	· Being a senior member in team, involved in assigning task to the team and Giving Process training to the fresher’s.
content	experience	· Being a senior member, have taken care all issues and raise the complaint to team leader (or) manager.
header	project	Project #1:
content	experience	Client : Gutermann
content	experience	Organization : SEAL
content	experience	Duration : Dec 2015 to April 2017
content	experience	Environment : SAP ECC6.0
content	experience	Type of Proj. : Implementation/Support
content	experience	Client: Gutermann is thread manufacturers, located across 80 countries worldwide. Innovative thread technologies arise from Gutach or have been further processed there.
header	experience	Responsibilities:
content	experience	· Create and Maintain User Roles and Authorization profiles
content	experience	· Created user groups according to country and department.
content	experience	· Managed all users according to user groups.
content	experience	· Maintained expiry dates as per company policies.
content	experience	· Worked with SUIM reports.
content	experience	· Extensively worked on various authorization issues of end users.
content	experience	· Troubleshooting with SU53 and ST01.
content	experience	· Checking Risk violations of users, using simulation and execution.
content	experience	· Assigning mitigation controls as per business policies.
content	experience	· Assigning firefighter id’s to super users.
content	experience	· Creating and managing FFID’s and FF roles.
content	experience	· Worked on ChaRM requests for Transport related requests.
content	experience	· Create, Maintain and Manage User Accounts
content	experience	(User Administration using SU01 & SU10).
content	experience	· Perform Authorization Error Analysis (SU53 & ST01) and perform appropriate troubleshooting.
content	experience	· Create and Monitor Background Jobs (SM36 & SM37).
content	experience	· Maintaining Users in central system by using Central User Administration (CUA).
content	experience	· Gained knowledge on Role maintains. (Role Administration using PFCG).
content	experience	· Ability to Create Authorization Groups and Assign Tables to them for maintaining Table Security (SE54).
content	experience	· Execute appropriate Reports or Programs to check user access to SAP Systems as per given criteria at the time of Audits (SA38 & SUIM).
content	experience	· Managed and created new users, groups and profiles.
content	experience	· User Management, User Tracing and Troubleshooting.
content	experience	· Resolving missing authorization issues (su53).
content	experience	· Role design, development and assignment (PFCG, SU01).
content	experience	· Authorization checks using transaction SU24 and maintained check indicators for Transaction codes.
content	experience	· Involved in Central User Administration to manage multiple systems/clients.
content	experience	· Performed reconciliation of user master record and roles and updated the user master records regularly by running pfcg_time_dependency job.
content	experience	· Creation and Deletion of users from the central System.
content	experience	· Role administration like, modifying, deleting and assigning to users based on request.
content	experience	· Text compare of roles from the child system.
content	experience	· Troubleshooting authorization issues of end-users.
