meta	others	Core Competencies
meta	others	Profile Summary
meta	others	DATA MODELLING
meta	others	CONSULTING
meta	others	DERIVING INSIGHTS
meta	others	ALGORITHMIC KNOWLEDGE
meta	others	USE CASES DEFINATION
meta	others	AUTOMATION CONSULTING
meta	others	CLIENT ENGAGEMENT
meta	others	PRE SALES
content	experience	A competent professional with 45 months of total experience (including 26+
content	experience	months as Data scientist and Automation Consultant); presently
content	experience	associated with Wipro HOLMESTM, Bengaluru as Data scientist and
content	experience	Automation consultant.
content	experience	Insightful understanding & exposure of various machine learning
content	experience	algorithms. Namely Regression, Clustering, Classification &NLP to
content	experience	name some of them and bring out customer delight and profit.
content	experience	Experience in Data modelling , Automation consulting , pre sales
content	experience	activities and client engagement
content	experience	Capabilities in Decision science to understand, interpret and willingness to
content	experience	provide alternate and cost efficient solutions to business.
content	experience	A crisp and keen communicator with excellent interpersonal skills, problem
content	experience	solving, analytical skills and attitude to solve problems.
content	experience	Timeline
header	knowledge	Skills
content	knowledge	R & Python
content	knowledge	Qlikview,Tableau
content	knowledge	MS Office (Excel, Word, &
content	knowledge	PowerPoint)
header	education	Education
content	education	PGPM (Analytics & Operations) from Great Lakes Institute of Management, Chennai in 2016 with 3.11 GPA
content	education	B. Tech (IT) from NIST, Berhampur in 2011 with 7. 1 GPA
content	education	S.S.C from DAV Public School, Pokhariput, Bhubaneswar in 2006 with 76.6%
content	education	HSC from DAV Public School, Pokhariput, Bhubaneswar in 2005 with 84.8%
header	education	Other Course/Certification:
content	education	Completed ITIL Certification in 2012
content	education	Machine learning A-Z from Wipro-Udemy
content	education	Python for data science from Wipro-Udemy
header	others	HITESH NAYAK
meta	others	Targeting for challenging assignments in Data science, Machine learning
meta	others	and Automation consulting with an organization of high repute
meta	others	Location Preference: Bangalore
meta	others	Hitesh.nest0@gmail.com +91-9176249658
content	others	Capgemini, Mumbai as
content	others	SSE
content	others	PGPM (Analytics &
content	others	Operations) from Great
content	others	Lakes Institute of
content	others	Management, Chennai
content	others	Wipro HOLMESTM,
content	others	Bengaluru as Data
content	others	scientist and Automation
content	others	consultant
content	others	2011 – 2014
content	others	2015 – 2016
content	others	2016 – Present
header	experience	Work Experience
content	experience	Jun’ 16 – Present with Wipro HOLMESTM as Data scientist and Automation consultant
header	experience	Key Result Areas:
content	experience	Built a framework to analyse ticket data (ITSM) and identify pain areas using NLP (Natural language Processing) and
content	experience	Qlikview. Which eventually helped our team to position the automation bots to solution client’s problem.
content	experience	Made Credit risk model for one leading bank to analyse the attributes to grant loans and decrease the credit risk, using
content	experience	Decision tree, Random forest. (Tools used – R and Python). Presented it to higher management to find out significant result.
content	experience	Developed a marketing mix model for a retail company, and presented it to client to provide deeper insights. ( Using
content	experience	market mix algorithm, tools-R)
content	experience	Made a demand forecast model for a manufacturing client and specified areas of focus. (Algorithms – Regression, Tools
content	experience	used R, python and power BI)
content	experience	Developed one upsell model for after sales program execution for one Leading OEM. The results was estimated to provide
content	experience	a profit of 0.9 M $.( Algorithm – Clustering , tools – R, Python)
content	experience	Employee and Company affinity detection.
content	experience	Recommender System for a retail customer
header	experience	Highlights:
content	experience	Won accolades from CTO, VP – Manufacturing
content	experience	Won Wipro wide data analytics competition – Datathon
content	experience	Oct’ 11 – Apr’ 14 with Capgemini, Mumbai as Senior software Engineer
content	experience	Key Result Areas:
content	experience	Worked for three projects as SAP-Basis/Security Consultant
content	experience	Alongside worked with exploratory Analytics to identify trends of ticket data and projected it to higher management.
content	experience	Learnt statistics and implemented it to see our everyday deviation and point of impacts.
content	experience	Statistics and Analytics eventually helped me to make up SOD (Segregation of Duties) which was projected to the
content	experience	client and rolled out to 121 end users.
content	experience	Highlights:
content	experience	Got Cash prize from the client for the implementation of SOD (Segregation of duties) successfully.
content	experience	Live / Academic Projects
content	experience	Empirical Research Project: Impact of 3PL (Third party logistics) on Indian companies.
content	experience	Market Research Project: Perception of people on Greatlakes institute of management(Market research , using R )
content	experience	Comprehensive Analysis of the AI tools and their capabilities by companies in Indian landscape
content	experience	Extracurricular Activities
content	experience	Ran a data camp for Wipro employees who are willing to learn my approach on model building.
content	experience	Merit of setting up Village Resource Centre as part of Karma yoga Program of Great Lakes
content	experience	Trained dancer( Jazz form)
content	experience	Received Governors award from Bharat Scout and Guide
content	experience	Sports captain of school
header	others	Personal Details
meta	others	Date of Birth: 29/06/1989
meta	knowledge	Languages Known: English, Hindi, Odia,Telegu
meta	others	Address: Sujana apartment 1, Magnolia Enclave road, electronic city Phase-1, 560100.
