meta	others	M
meta	others	CHANDRA KANTH. K
meta	others	D.No: 1-27/a, Aretamma Colony Puttur,Chittoor district(A.P-517583),
meta	others	E-Mail: chandrakanth.kasi@gmail.com ; Mobile : +91-9701226246.
header	others	Career Objective:
content	others	An experienced and well maintained professional having ample amount of knowledge in banking sector and seeking an opportunity in the organization to use my skills and be able to contribute to the firm for which I am working. I will put my best effort to learn the company’s policies and make better decisions in the favor of the company.
header	others	CAREER SYNOPSIS
content	others	· Result-oriented professional with 12 months of experience in banking Operations in AXIS BANK LIMITED, as Officer
content	others	· Result-oriented professional with 8 months of experience in branch banking Operations and currently associated with INDUSIND BANK, as ASSISTANT MANAGER
content	others	· Handling entire gamut of banking operations covering back office operations, KYC audit, Document verification, Account opening and modifications of all the accounts.
content	others	· Sound knowledge about AML and KYC Practices in Banking.
header	knowledge	CORE SKILLS
meta	others	·
content	knowledge	1
content	knowledge	· KYC Scrutiny
content	knowledge	· Banking Operations
content	knowledge	· Proficient in MS-Excel & Outlook
content	knowledge	· Transaction Processing
content	knowledge	· Back Office Functions
content	knowledge	· Error free processing
content	knowledge	· Team assistance
content	experience	· Quality Management
content	knowledge	· Reports and MIS
content	knowledge	· Organizational Capabilities
header	experience	WORK EXPERIENCE
content	experience	AXIS BANK LTD
content	experience	Officer– Operations, DEC-2016
header	experience	Responsibilitiesss
content	experience	· Sound knowledge about AML and KYC Practices in Banking.
content	experience	· Qualified in NISM exam
content	experience	· Trained in IFBI institute for banking knowledge
content	experience	· Responsible for acceptance, scrutiny, verification of KYC and other documents for account opening under different products of CASA.
content	experience	· Periodical KYC details (RE-KYC) updation of Individuals and Non-Individuals.
content	experience	· Responsible for identify duplicate customer ID’S based on Name, Date of Birth, PAN Number, Address and other demographic customer details.
content	experience	· Examine account documents as well as authenticate using internal and internet based websites for identifying institutional and retail clients.
content	experience	· Verifying the information on clients gathered by the business in accordance with the Due Diligence requirements.
content	experience	· Handling functioning of account closer ,account activation, transfer of accounts, Minor to major conversions and scheme code change ,Joint holder addition/deletion and MOP change etc.
content	experience	· Ascertaining all types of post account opening modifications both CIF and account level.
content	experience	· Handling CIF related activities like change of address, email and phone and name change, PAN updation ,internet banking ,cheque book facility ,statement facility etc.
content	experience	· Handling corporate salary which involves processing salary of corporate employees, Salary Label Codes and Salary Proceedings of pan India Axis Bank Branches.
content	experience	· Responsible for salary upload to complete within the TAT (Turn Around Time).
content	experience	· Ensuring Demand Draft/Pay Order cancellation, duplication issuance of lost Demand Draft and Demand Draft revalidation requests are processed with in the TAT.
content	experience	· Ensuring all the customer request raised by branches PAN India processed within the turnaround time (TAT) with high percentage of First Time Resolved cases (FTR) and less of Not First Time Resolved cases (NFTR).
content	experience	· Accountable for performing daily closing process of all financial and nonfinancial transactions.
content	experience	· Training new employees on existing processes of KYC and AML guidelines.
content	experience	· Assisting branch channels in resolving their queries.
content	experience	· Ensuring error free processing of all customer requests.
content	experience	· Preparing various MIS reports like TAT report, NFTR report, pending reports.
content	experience	INDUSIND BANK LTD
content	experience	CUSTOMER SERVICE MANAGER, APRIL-2018 Onwards
content	experience	· WORKED AS ASSISTANT MANAGER(CSM) IN INDUSIND BANK LTD
content	experience	· Resolved customer issues within TAT period
content	experience	· Worked as Teller for 5months with dual role performance
content	experience	· Ensuring error free processing of all customer requests
content	experience	· Sound knowledge about AML and KYC Practices in Banking
header	education	QUALIFICATIONS & SCHOLASTICS
content	education	· Post-Graduation Diploma In Banking (PGDB+) from IFBI, Hyderabad during 2016
content	education	· B.Com (Computer Applications) from SV university Tirupati during 2013-2016 with the percentage of 70%
content	education	· Intermediate (M.E.C) from Board of Intermediate Education A.P during 2011-2013 with the percentage of 74%
content	education	· S.S.C from Secondary Education A.P during 2011 with the percentage of 82%
header	knowledge	TECHNICAL PROFICIENCY
content	knowledge	· MS Office ( Excel, Word, Tally ERP9 and Outlook)
content	experience	· Operating Systems Windows
content	knowledge	· Finacle Banking Software Version 7 & 10
content	knowledge	· Qualified in NISM exam
content	knowledge	· Qualified in IRDI
content	knowledge	· Qualified in AML KYC
header	others	STRENGTHS
meta	experience	·
content	others	3
content	others	· Flexibility and Adaptability
content	others	· Quick learner & Hardworking nature
content	others	· Analytical and Problem Solving Skills
content	others	· Good team player
content	others	· Stress tolerance
content	others	· Accuracy and Multitasking
header	others	PERSONAL INFORMATION
meta	others	Date of Birth: 06th Feb 1996
meta	others	Language Skills in English,Telugu,Tamil & Hindi.
meta	others	I solemnly declare that the statements given by me in this from are correct and to the best of my knowledge and belief.
header	others	Date:
meta	others	Place: (CHANDRA KANTH .K)
