meta	others	Chakravarthy
meta	others	Operations Manger in Recruitments., US Process
meta	others	chakryhears@gmail.com
meta	others	+91-9441501144
header	others	Summary:
content	experience	· Experienced Operations Manager in the Staffing, Recruitment, and HR Industry.
content	experience	· Proven expertise in people management, implementing disciplinary activities, standard policies and procedures and hiring smart and talented resources.
content	experience	· Energetic, results oriented, self-motivated individual with a positive professional attitude.
content	experience	· Ability to successfully juggle many competing tasks and multiple priorities.
content	experience	· Interviewing, hiring, training and mentoring new recruiters for US IT-Recruiting.
content	experience	· Manage and Lead the team of more than 100 recruiters. Train, educate and handling the Accounts as One point contact to the clients and accordingly assign the requirements to the respective team/recruiters.
content	experience	· Experience working with Clients VMS Portals like Fieldglass, Volt, Acro for States, IQ Navigator
content	experience	SunGard, Agile - Acceleration VMS for Asurion, Peoplefluent for State of VA, Beeline - Vonage, DCR workforce-Smart Track for YP, e-Temp and Synergy
content	experience	· Experience in Recruitment full life cycle.
content	experience	· Expert candidate search using various Job Sites like Dice, Monster, Career Builder, Tech-Fetch, Big-jobnets, Hot Jobs, Washington post, Sologig, LinkedIn, etc .
content	experience	· Sourcing of candidates with: complex Boolean search strings & major job boards.
content	knowledge	· Knowledge in Security clearances. Public Trust DHS, Confidential, Secret, Top Secret and SCI/SSBI – Full Scope poly clearance.
content	experience	· Worked on Permanent, Corp to Corp, 1099, W2, Contract to hire requirements.
content	experience	· Highly skilled at achieving exceptional customer service excellence and support.
content	experience	· MSWord, Excel and basic PowerPoint proficiency.
content	experience	Specialties:
content	experience	· Sourcing, Screening, Negotiating, Interviewing, Placing, Rapport building, Client interactions, US Tax Terms (W2/1099/C2C), Major Visa types, Searching Active and Passive candidates, Networking (LinkedIn, Google groups, etc), Fieldglass, Job Portals, Job Postings, Knowledge of SDLC, Security Clearance (Public Trust, Secret, Top-Secret -SCI/CI/Full-scope poly etc), Permanent/ Contract-to-hire/ Contract positions.
header	education	Education:
content	education	· MBA in HRM from Allagappa University
content	education	· B.Tech CSIT, Computer Science and Information Technology, from Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University
header	experience	Experience:
content	experience	Softpath System LLC, Hyderabad
content	experience	March 2017 – November 2017
content	experience	Operations Manager
content	experience	Softpath System was incorporated in 1999 and is headquartered in Atlanta, GA. Our customers are distributed globally with diverse industry backgrounds. Softpath is an emerging leader in staff augmentation and in delivering professional services to organizations, many of whom are Fortune 500 companies. Softpath is Accredited partner and Channel Partner with Informatica. IBM Premier Business Partner and Oracle Gold partner.
header	experience	Responsibilities:
content	experience	· Responsible for all techno functional operations for the team of 100+ recruiters on the floor.
content	experience	· Handle Delivery managers, Client Managers, Account managers, Team Leads and recruiters without any issues on the floor.
content	experience	· Maintain maximum productivity, resource management, disciplinary activities, hiring new recruiting staff for the company, maintaining profitability like Gross Margins & Net margins on a monthly basis. Maintain stability to the company’s growth.
content	experience	· Reporting directly to CEO on regular basis and updating them with status of work every day.
content	experience	· Making the recruiters understand the client need and update them with the required training and assisting them to get the right resource to fulfill the Client need.
content	experience	· Motivating the team to achieve for good results, adding the positive attitude and encouraging the team in all means of ways to strive for results.
content	experience	· Prepare monthly, quarterly and annual status reports.
content	experience	LanceSoft, Inc., Hyderabad
content	experience	October 2015 - February 2017
content	experience	Operations and Recruiting Manager
content	experience	In business since 2000, LanceSoft is a nationally certified Minority Business Enterprise (MBE) that has established itself as a pioneer in providing highly scalable, cost-effective workforce solutions to a diverse set of customers across various industries in the United States. Headquartered in Virginia, LanceSoft currently operates out of several locations in the US and Canada.
header	experience	Responsibilities:
content	experience	· Lancesoft has handled me the responsibility to grow the business at Hyderabad location. Starting as a first employee in this location increased the number to 50 on board at this branch.
content	experience	· Hired, trained and educated the managers, leads and recruiters on the recruitment basis and the client need.
content	experience	· Implement metric-driven processes to offer a unique mix of cost-effective staffing solutions to our clients that include – temporary, temp to perm and permanent staffing of IT and Non-IT professionals.
content	experience	· Depending on delivery capability, deep technical and domain expertise-all harnessed by our adaptive quality processes and strong recruiting methodologies.
content	experience	· With proven processes, methodologies and best practices, our core objective is to successfully meet our client needs by providing top quality services, while providing ample growth opportunities to our employees.
content	experience	· Responsible for daily team communications, recruiting, mentoring, leading and account management. Develop solid relationships with clients and team members.
content	experience	· Generating starts/revenues proportionate to the team size and ability to interface with Account Manager & MSP/VMS Managers directly for successful flow of process
content	experience	· Resolve issues within the managers, leads and recruiters acting as a barrier between management and the employees
content	experience	· Extending focus on balancing cost, time and quality - leveraging experience, nurturing creativity driven by ethics in a challenging and fun filled environment.
content	experience	Radiant Info Systems Ltd., Hyderabad
content	experience	February 2014 - October 2015
content	experience	Recruiting and Accounts Manager
content	experience	Radiant is a leading global Information Technology company providing Solutions, Services and Products to a broad range of industry verticals. Our clients include over 50 of the Fortune 500 global corporations. Radiant has sustained an impressive growth rate in both capability and profitability, and is now positioned to be one of the major contributors in various sectors such as Telecom, Pharma & Life Sciences, Transportation, E-Governance, Financial & Insurance, Information Technology, Manufacturing, Retail, Utilities and others. Radiant has formed relationships with various clients around the world. We leverage Radiant’s global capabilities to support our clients through dedicated, organized and client-focused teams.
content	experience	Responsibilities:
content	experience	· Acquired Core Competence in Professional Staffing with unique capabilities to deliver optimal workforce and efficiently meeting our clients’ needs
content	experience	· Managed the recruitment team by locating the capabilities, recruiting and retaining the right talent
content	experience	· Experience in managing different vendor portals, handling MSP’s and effective client interaction regularly by delivering cost effective, flexible and robust applications to suit our customers’ requirements.
content	experience	· Constructed a winning foundation by first writing and creating never before documented Policy and Procedures, Job Descriptions, Recruitment Process Maps, written Recruitment Strategies, Interview Guidelines, Recruitment Script ideas, established Hiring Criteria, formal Resume Submittals and Interview Confirmations.
content	experience	· Managed Delivery leads and Team of 20 recruiters in the full lifecycle recruitment of candidates supporting contract, contract-to-hire and direct hire staffing of qualified candidates.
content	experience	· Hired and trained the team of recruiters with technical and functional recruiting experience for supporting IT, Non-IT, Engineering, State and Federal requirements.
content	experience	Softpath System LLC, Hyderabad
content	experience	September 2012 - January 2014
content	experience	Recruitment and Clients Account Manager
content	experience	Softpath System was incorporated in 1999 and is headquartered in Atlanta, GA. Our customers are distributed globally with diverse industry backgrounds. Softpath is an emerging leader in staff augmentation and in delivering professional services to organizations, many of whom are Fortune 500 companies. Softpath is Accredited partner and Channel Partner with Informatica. IBM Premier Business Partner and Oracle Gold partner.
header	experience	Responsibilities:
content	experience	· Managing multiple Clients with team size of 15 recruiters with 2 Junior Team Leads.
content	experience	· Interacting with the clients on regular basis and updating them with status of work every day.
content	experience	· Making the recruiters understand the client need and update them with the required training and assisting them to get the right resource to fulfill the Client need.
content	experience	· Scheduling the interviews, extending offers and initiating background for the starts.
content	experience	· Handling the complex requirements working on them, scheduling the conference calls, discussing the required skills and sharing the information and even involving the team in the conference calls.
content	experience	· Motivating the team to achieve for good results, adding the positive attitude and encouraging the team in all means of ways to strive for results.
content	experience	· Worked on Permanent, Contract to hire and contract requirements. (W2). Shortlisting the candidates, scheduling the telephonic and technical interviews and follow-up with the candidates on the availability, accept and reject the interviews and offers.
content	experience	· Prepare daily, weekly, monthly and annual status reports.
content	experience	· Submit formatted resumes of qualified Candidates to the Clients.
content	experience	· Summarize the client’s needs based on the job description and assign the requirements to recruiters.
content	experience	· Maintain potential database of candidates.
content	experience	· Shortlist, interview and hire people for Softpath and train them for the basic recruiting and orientation of the process. Trained more than 30 recruiters.
content	experience	Pyramid Consulting, Hyderabad
content	experience	September 2010 - August 2012
content	experience	Lead Executive of Recruitments
content	experience	Privately Held; 1001-5000 employees; Information Technology and Services industry. Pyramid provides global IT services, lifecycle IT solutions, and IT staff augmentation services in the U.S., UK, and India with a client base that includes more than 20 Fortune 1000 and Global 500 companies. Pyramid has achieved Level 4 of the Capability Maturity Model® Integration (CMMI) process improvement approach. Responsibilities:
header	experience	Responsibilities:
content	experience	· Extensive experience working with VMS Portals like Field glass.
content	experience	· Worked on Permanent, Contract to hire and contract requirements. (W2).
content	experience	· Allocated the requirements to the team and responsible for the delivery.
content	experience	· Hired new talent and trained them to be successful resource to the company.
content	experience	· Follow up with candidates after the phone/in-person interview and gather the interview feedback and checking their availability/interest if they get an offer from the client.
content	experience	· Worked directly on AT&T requirements daily using the vendor portal e-temp.
content	experience	· Involved in Full Recruiting LifeCycle, sourcing, screening, negotiate rate and submitting candidates, scheduling interviews, employee referrals to verifying credentials and successful closures.
content	experience	· Discussed with managers on positions requirements in order to effectively source and screen potential candidates to qualify the position to fulfill.
content	experience	· Educate the junior recruiter on the need and try to make their task easier in understanding the requirements and make them search in the right way.
content	experience	· Prepared weekly status reports, for tracking purpose and maintained daily reports of the entire team and reported to the Director and Managers.
content	experience	· Sourcing of the relevant candidates (Job portals, referrals, contacts, database).
content	experience	· Negotiated salaries; extended offers and maintain candidate’s information and work contracts.
content	experience	· Submitted formatted resumes of qualified Candidates to the Clients.
content	experience	· Summarized the client’s need based on the job description.
content	experience	· Maintained potential database of candidates.
content	experience	Remote Tiger, Inc., Hyderabad
content	experience	August 2008 - August 2010
content	experience	Lead Recruiter
content	experience	Privately Held; 51-200 employees; Information Technology and Services industry. Remote Tiger is a provider of (Recruiting process Outsource) to small and mid-sized companies in North America. Remote Tiger offers virtual staff, which will become an integral part of your in-house team and work for you as dedicated contract personnel
header	experience	Responsibilities:
content	experience	· Experienced in Full lifecycle technical recruiting in Corporate and Agency environments.
content	experience	· Interacted at all levels of an organization to implement targeted recruiting and sourcing initiatives.
content	experience	· Generated a high volume/quality pipeline of candidates under very tight timelines for all skill sets.
content	experience	· Experienced working with Security Clearance position for Federal Government.
content	experience	· Managed and trained a group of 4 Junior Recruiters with outstanding results for Executive Direction
content	experience	· Maintained strong relationships with client groups and recruiting team including weekly meetings to discuss best practices and creative ways to find candidates.
content	experience	· Experienced handling projects and full life cycle recruiting for clients across various verticals Including Banking Brokerage Finance, Manufacturing, IT consulting, Insurance, Telecommunications, Oil and Energy, ERP Industries.
content	experience	· Managed clients in the service model.
content	experience	· Managed and lead team of recruiters and allocated requirements as per their ability, maintained the turnaround time and quality submittals to qualify the positions.
content	experience	· Worked along with the team members on several requirements as per the client’s priority.
content	experience	· Worked on Trial based clients independently on the requirements sourcing the profiles from different job boards (Monster, Dice, Career Builder, Hot jobs, Sologig, C2C, Washington Post) screened the candidates, Negotiated the pay rate in terms of Corp2Corp, W2, 1099. Discussed relocation possibilities for the positions, submitted appropriate resumes to qualify the position and converted contract Clients in to full life cycle billings.
content	experience	CES USA Inc., Hyderabad
content	experience	July 2006 - August 2008
content	experience	Senior Technical IT Recruiter
content	experience	CES Ltd is a Business Consulting and Business Process Outsourcing services provider, registered in India, with subsidiary offices in Chicago, U.S. CES Ltd also has operational offices; SAP, Oracle, PeopleSoft, JD Edwards) Functional, Technical, Techno-functional requirements and varied IT requirements.
header	experience	Responsibilities:
content	experience	· Recruited all levels of candidates ranging from Junior Mid level to Senior Level positions. Experienced in sourcing, screening, Shortlisting, confirming, interviewing and submitting the qualified consultant.
content	experience	· Performed continuous follow up with the candidates about the Interview Schedule and taking the feedback. Played a key role in generating new Consulting business accounts, number of clients development and execution of a new client generation strategy.
content	experience	· Consulted with hiring managers on positions requirements in order to effectively source and screen potential candidates to qualify the position to fulfill.; US Recruitment Process.
content	experience	· Communicated all aspects of the offer including salary, benefits, bonuses, relocating, etc
content	experience	· Practiced numerous sourcing strategies including referral generation, position postings, direct sourcing/cold calling and networking to develop a qualified pool of candidates.
content	experience	· Managed client interaction to obtain, verify position requirements and understand future needs. Worked with outside agencies/temporary services negotiating terms
content	experience	· Used an internal database, Internet sites and referrals to source active and passive candidates for; Negotiate hourly pay rate with the candidate and the candidate’s employer.
content	experience	· Developed databases for client and candidates contact information.
content	experience	· Handled full cycle technical recruiting, which entailed evaluating and reviewing candidate resumes based on their education and training, job skills, desired salary, rates, etc.
content	experience	· Recruited people for various IT and Non-IT positions throughout the country. Established communications with vendors and clients and added new ones to the database Followed up on candidates on their interviews.
content	experience	· Followed up on consultants on how they’re doing in their projects, jobs.
content	experience	· Used various job boards, including Dice.com, Monster, Career Builder, BigJob Nets, Google and craigslist.org to find resumes
content	experience	· Negotiated the rates with candidates and with vendors
content	experience	· Marketed candidates and consultants on bench for various IT positions throughout the country, working with vendors and checking with them to find out if they have any relevant positions.
content	experience	St. Johns College of Engineering and Technology, Kurnool
content	experience	2004 - 2006
header	experience	Associate Lecturer
content	experience	· Worked as a Associate Lecturer and R&D Trainer.
content	experience	· Taught CIT (Computer and Information Technology), Operating Systems, Computer Networks and other languages for students and developed different Academic projects in the R & D department for the final years as a R & D Trainer. Demonstrated ability to clarify difficult concepts and to inspire students.
