meta	others	SHIVESH SRIVASTAVA
meta	others	Senior Systems Engineer (Infosys Limited)
meta	others	Contact No: +917905307714
meta	others	E-Mail: beingshivesh@gmail.com
header	others	Career Objective
content	others	To be well settled in an organization, where my professional experience and abilities can be best
content	others	utilized for growth of my career and the organization.
header	experience	Professional Summary:
content	experience	• Have 3 years of total IT experience in the Design, Implementation, Development, analyzing,
content	experience	deploying MS SQL Server suite of products with Microsoft Azure Data Lake, Microsoft Azure
content	experience	Data Factory,Power BI, Power Pivots ,Business Intelligence in SQL Server Integration
content	experience	Services (SSIS) and SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS)
content	experience	• Have very good exposure in generating Power BI reports and Dashboards
content	experience	• Conceptually strong with an innovative and analytical approach to the work with an eye for
content	experience	detail. Enriched with the ability to learn new concepts & technology within a short span of
content	experience	time.
content	experience	• Have experience in analyzing, designing, developing and deploying MS SQL Server suite of
content	experience	products with Business Intelligence in SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) and SQL Server
content	experience	Analysis Services (SSAS) and SQL Server Reporting Services(SSRS)
content	experience	• Strong experience in fixing bugs in existing system and creating ad hoc reports based on user
content	experience	requirements
content	experience	• Highly motivated Business Intelligence Professional using SQL Server 2008/2012, Microsoft
content	experience	Technologies and other technologies over last 3+ years
content	experience	• Demonstrated leadership abilities and team work skills as well as the ability to accomplish
content	experience	tasks under minimal direction and supervision.
header	experience	Work Experience:
content	experience	• 3 years of IT experience working on MSBI technologies and Power BI
content	experience	Well versed with SQL 2012 SSIS, SSAS, SSRS, Power BI
content	experience	• Effective communication skills and corporate business etiquettes
content	experience	• Exposed to Big data technologies like Apache Hadoop, Hive.
content	experience	mailto:beingshivesh@gmail.com
header	knowledge	Technical Skills:
content	knowledge	Database: SQL SERVER 2016/2014
content	knowledge	Programming: T-SQL, PL\SQL, MDX , DAX
content	knowledge	Operating System: Windows 2008/2010
content	experience	ETL Tool: SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), Informatica
content	knowledge	OLAP Tool: SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS)
content	knowledge	Reporting Tools: Power BI, SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)
content	knowledge	Development
content	knowledge	Platform :
content	knowledge	Microsoft Visual Studio Team Foundation Server (TFS)
header	project	Projects Summary
header	project	Project 1:
header	project	Project Name MAST BI
content	experience	Client Microsoft
content	experience	Role Developer
content	experience	Duration April 2017 to Present
content	experience	Environment Power BI, SSAS Tabular
content	experience	Description: Objective of this Project is to develop multiple SSIS packages to load data into
content	experience	DataMart and Data warehouses, to be pulled for Multidimensional cubes in SSAS. And then
content	experience	measures and dimensions from cubes were used by users for POWER BI dashboards and reports
header	experience	Responsibilities:
content	experience	• Created multiple SSIS ETL packages (2008/2012) to perform data pull from various data
content	experience	sources from downstream team as per Requirement.
content	experience	• Developing, configuring, deploying and scheduling the SSIS (ETL) Jobs in SQL Server
content	experience	2008/2012 across all environments like DEV, Staging and Production servers.
content	experience	• Created Stored Procedures to load data into SSAS tabular Models.
content	experience	• Created Power Bi reports on top of SSAS tabular models.
content	experience	• Created various measures and developed Dashboards and Reports.
header	project	Project 2:
header	project	Project Name GBS
content	experience	Client Microsoft
content	experience	Role Developer
content	experience	Duration October 2016 to March 2017
content	experience	Environment SSIS, SSRS, SQL Server
content	experience	Description: Objective of this Project is to develop multiple SSIS packages to load data into
content	experience	DataMart and Data warehouses, to be pulled for Multidimensional cubes in SSAS. And then
content	experience	measures and dimensions from cubes were used by users for POWER BI dashboards and reports.
header	experience	Responsibilities:
content	experience	• Created multiple SSIS ETL packages (2008/2012) to perform data pull from various data
content	experience	sources from downstream team as per BR.
content	experience	• Developing, configuring, deploying and scheduling the SSIS (ETL) Jobs in SQL Server
content	experience	2008/2012 across all environments like DEV, Staging and Production servers.
content	experience	• Used transformations like Derived Column, Conditional Split, and Aggregate, Sort, Merge
content	experience	join, Data Conversion, Union, Pivot and Script Task.
content	experience	• Developed MDDM Cube using SSAS.
content	experience	• Developed dashboards on top of MDDM cube using Power BI and Reporting Template.
header	project	Project 2:
header	project	Project Name GMO Power BI Dashboard
content	experience	Client Microsoft
content	experience	Role Developer
content	experience	Duration April 2016 to September 2016
content	experience	Environment Power BI, Power Pivot, Power View, Power Query
content	experience	and Microsoft Excel 2013
content	experience	Description: This Project is to develop a Power BI dashboard requested by Business Client. This
content	experience	involves creation of data model from different data sources and development of Power View
content	experience	Dashboard on top of it.
header	experience	Responsibilities:
content	experience	• Created a data model in Power Pivot using Microsoft Excel 2013 to perform data pull from
content	experience	various data sources like databases and Excel files.
content	experience	• Created multiple calculated columns using power queries based on requirements.
content	experience	• Developed multiple Views on Excel using Power View and created multiple Slicers, Tiles,
content	experience	Filters, Charts and Graphs on each view on this Dashboard.
content	experience	• This dashboard helps to calculate the SLA’s for each ticket based on portfolio, application and
content	experience	date filters.
content	experience	• Delivered technical and domain related KT’s on this dashboard to entire team members.
header	project	Project 3:
header	project	Project Name Ask me tabular
content	experience	Client Microsoft
content	experience	Role Developer
content	experience	Duration Nov 2014 to Mar 2015
content	experience	Environment SSAS tabular, SSIS and Microsoft Excel 2013
content	experience	Description: This Project is to develop tabular models from underlying databases which were
content	experience	loaded according to BR and creating measure and KPI over it
header	experience	Responsibilities:
content	experience	• Created data models in SSAS tabular with the help of SP’s in SQL server.
content	experience	• Created multiple calculated columns based on requirements.
content	experience	• Created multiple measures and KPI’s according to requirement and loaded Excel accordingly.
content	experience	• Created SSIS packages for loading new dimensions and fact tables in to the server.
header	others	Personal Profile:
meta	others	Date of birth : 04-05-1991
meta	others	Gender : Male
meta	others	Marital status : Single
meta	others	Nationality : Indian
content	knowledge	Languages Known : English and Hindi
meta	others	Address: Shivesh Srivastava s/o Kamlesh Kumar Srivastava, Lucknow (226022), UP
header	others	Declaration:
meta	others	I hereby declare that the above provided information is correct to the best of my knowledge
meta	others	and belief.
meta	others	Shivesh Srivastava
