meta	others	RAHUL YADAV
meta	others	E-Mail: raahul.yaad@gmail.com
meta	others	Mobile: + 91-9810159667
header	others	Objectives
content	others	To pursue a career with a company having a global vision that encourages creativity and offers an opportunity to learn and develop both in professional and personal life, wish to use and enhance my technical knowledge and ability to work in groups
content	others	To achieve a challenging position in software development and to become performance benchmark through creating architecture driven innovative solutions for the industry.
header	experience	Career Synopsis
content	knowledge	· Web application development using Web Technologies including JavaScript and Java.
content	others	· Hands on experience with JDK1.5.
content	others	· Strong knowledge of Object-Oriented software engineering methodologies, Object - Oriented Analysis and Software Development Life Cycle.
content	others	· Strong ability to work in a team and make suggestions to success the project.
content	others	· Strong organizational and interpersonal skills.
content	experience	· Excellent problem solving abilities, analytical, communication skills.
content	experience	· 1 Year working experience as a Java Developar
header	education	Qualification
header	education	ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION
content	education	Intermediate: 70% from C.B.S.E Board
content	education	High School: 61% from C.B.S.E Board
header	education	PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATION
content	education	· B.Tech in Information Technology: 63% from U.P. Tech. University Lucknow
header	knowledge	IT Skills
content	knowledge	· Java Technologies
content	knowledge	: Java,JSP,JavaScript,JDBC,Servlet,
content	knowledge	· .net technologies Ado.net,asp.net, c#.net ,vb.net ,Crystal Report
content	knowledge	· Design Skill Adove Photoshop
content	knowledge	· Data Bases
content	knowledge	: My Access ,SqlServer 2005,ms sql
content	knowledge	· Application Server
content	knowledge	: Tomcat 5.5,glassfish
content	knowledge	· Scripts & Markups
content	knowledge	: JavaScript, HTML, XML,jQuery,Ajax
header	project	Working Projects
header	project	Projects Done In Organization:
header	project	Project 1: Coffee Shop Software
header	project	Team Size: Eight
content	experience	Tools Used: HTML,XHTML,JSP,Java Bean,Java Script,Sql server 2005
content	experience	Description: This project is web based software that have the product list and selling information of a week and for a month to calculate the turnover of shop. In this software we provide the automatic bill generation and having record of it. The Design of pages was developed in HTML and XHTML. MySql was used for the database connectivity and the core functionalities were developed in JSP and JAVA Bean. The validation was done in JavaScript.
content	experience	Project 2: Finance Solution
content	experience	Team Size: Seven
content	experience	Tools Used: HTML,XHTML,JSP,Java Bean,Java Script,Sql
content	experience	Description: This project is basically a web based software that could gather all detail related to credit the amount as loan and having the details for every month installment. The recipt of intallment will be generated and printed by printer through JavaScript. The Design of pages were developed in HTML and XHTML. MySql was used for the database and the core functionallity given through jsp and javabean. And the validation would be of JavaScript.
content	experience	Project 3: Jai Ambay motor finance
content	experience	Team Size: Eight
content	experience	Tools Used: HTML,XHTML,JSP,Java Bean,Java Script,Sql
content	experience	Description: Jai Ambay motor finance
content	experience	This project developed to provide assistance to help full to fulfill the customer requirements. So that
content	experience	They Are work in a sequential manner and fulfill customer requirement in very effectively and efficiently
content	experience	Manner also give the receipt for the whole data with a secure manner .
header	experience	Responsibilities:
content	experience	· Involved in creating multiple reports including.
content	experience	· Key role in developing & designing of interfaces.
meta	others	.
header	others	Personal Details
meta	others	Father’s Name:
meta	experience	Mr. Vijay Pal Singh Yadav
meta	others	Date of Birth:
meta	others	19 aug 1988
meta	others	Current Address:
meta	others	H.N.-16 HoshiyarPur Noida (u.p.)
meta	others	Place: Noida(India)
meta	others	Rahul Yadav
meta	others	(Name of Applicant)
