header	others	RESUME
meta	others	SANDEEP PATIDAR
meta	others	Sandeep.mukati@gmail.com
meta	others	88, Greater Vaishali Nagar
meta	others	Gopur Square, Indore (M.P.) - 452009
meta	others	+918818888577
header	others	OBJECTIVE
content	others	Looking forward for a challenging and growth full career in the field Accounts, which will provide me
content	others	ample opportunities for learning and performing in the field. To work with a market leader and making
content	others	every effort to contribute my best towards its success and proving my abilities.
header	education	ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS
content	education	Institute / Board Exam Marks
content	education	obtained
content	education	Percentages Year
content	education	ICAI IPCC – Group I 221/400 55.25%
content	education	2011
content	education	ICAI CPT 136/200 68.00 % 2009
content	education	Devi Ahilya
content	education	Vishwavidyalya,
content	education	Indore
content	education	B.com (Regular) 786/1450 54.21% 2009
content	education	M.P. Board, Bhopal Higher Secondary Examination 259/450 57.56% 2006
content	education	M.P. Board, Bhopal Secondary School Examination 288/500 57.60% 2004
header	experience	WORK EXPERIENCE
content	experience	Name of Company Place Designation Period
content	experience	Atul Premdayal and Co. Indore (M.P.) Auditor and Account Executive
content	experience	December-2015 to
content	experience	Till Date
header	experience	ARTICLESHIP
content	experience	Name of Company Place Designation Period
content	experience	Atul Premdayal and Co. Indore (M.P.) Article Assistant (Articleship)
content	experience	April-2012 to March-
content	experience	2015
content	experience	Functional Areas:-
content	experience	 Accounting as per GST of Various companies.
content	experience	 Preparation & Filing of GST Return.
content	experience	 Preparation on daily basis group wise bank reconciliation statement.
content	experience	 Preparation of Fixed Assets Register of Various Companies.
content	experience	 Preparation of Fixed Assets Schedule.
content	experience	 Conducted Internal Audit of various sector, including preparation of audit plan, steps to be follow,
content	experience	areas to be focused and implementation and monitoring of necessary Internal Control on timely basis
content	experience	based on nature of organization and risk assessment.
content	experience	 Conducted of Concurrent audits of Banks like Bank Of India, Indian Overseas Bank, Central Bank of
content	experience	India and Allahabad Bank.
content	experience	 Preparation of ROC Search of Various Client.
content	experience	 Conducted stock audits and preparation of report of various sector viz. manufacturing and trading
content	experience	concerns.
content	experience	 Preparation & Filing of Income Tax returns of Non Corporate Bodies.
content	experience	 Preparation & Filling of TDS returns.
content	experience	 Preparation of financial statement on quarterly basis and report to the management on timely basis.
content	experience	 Involved in drafting of replies to the questionnaire for the assessment procedure under Income Tax
content	experience	Act and collecting the documents from the clients and checking the same before submitting to the
content	experience	Department.
header	knowledge	COMPUTER PROFICIENCY
content	knowledge	 Efficient knowledge in using MS-Office & Internet operation.
content	knowledge	 Working knowledge of accounting package Tally and various Accounting Software.
header	others	PEERSONAL DETAILS
meta	others	 Father’s Name : Shri Gendalal Patidar
meta	others	 Mother’s Name : Smt. Kunta Patidar
meta	others	 Spouse Name : Mrs Ruchita Patidar
meta	others	 Permanent Address : 271, Patidar Mohalla, Gram Pipliya Tehsil Kukshi,
meta	others	Dist. Dhar (M.P.) - 454335
meta	others	 DOB : 26th February , 1988
meta	knowledge	 Languages : English and Hindi
meta	others	 Hobby : Playing Cricket
meta	others	Sandeep Patidar
