meta	others	SREEJESH M M
meta	others	Mobile No: +91 9645054405
meta	others	E _Mail : sreejeshmm.111@gmail.com
header	others	O B J E C T I V E
content	experience	 4 year Application Developer experience in Java Spring MVC and Hibernate.
content	experience	 Experienced in Development and Unit testing.
content	experience	 Experienced in Understanding Client’s Requirements, Performing Requirement Analysis and Writing of
content	experience	Comprehensive Code, Execute Test Cases and Preparing Deliverable.
content	experience	 Information Compilation, Extrapolation and Interpretation on different change requests.
content	experience	 Good Analytical, Designing, Programming and debugging skills.
content	experience	 Good Interpersonal skills, Communication, Leadership qualities and demonstration skills.
content	experience	 Engaged in team management activities like mentoring new members, organizing knowledge transfer
content	experience	sessions, process understanding and improvement sessions and defect prevention analysis.
header	knowledge	T E C H N I C A L P R O F I L E
content	knowledge	 Platforms : Windows, Linux
content	knowledge	 Databases : MySQL, DynamoDB, Oracle, PostgreSQL
content	knowledge	 Java Framework : SpringMVC, Hibernate, WebService, SpringBoot
content	knowledge	 SDLC process : Agile, Waterfall model
content	knowledge	 Development Tools : NetBeans, Eclipse, IntelliJ
content	knowledge	 Web Technology : jQuery, Bootstrap, Ajax, HTML
content	knowledge	 Technologies : Gradle, Ant, Jenkins, Swagger
header	experience	O R G A N I Z A T I O N A L E X P E R I E N C E
content	experience	Company Profile Duration
content	experience	EngineF India Technologies Pvt Ltd Senior Software Engineer 09 April 2018 – Till Date
content	experience	SafeCare Technology,
content	experience	Ernakulam, Kerala.
content	experience	Software Programmer 01 Dec 2014-05 April 2018
content	experience	P E R S O N A L A T T R I B U T E S
content	experience	 Operate independently or within a team. Open to new ideas.
content	experience	 Able to perform in emergency situations and can adapt to any environment
content	experience	 Capable of working efficiently and a quick learner.
content	experience	 Achieved ‘C’ certificate in NCC
content	experience	 District champion in badminton
header	project	P R O J E C T S I N F O R M A T I O N
content	experience	Project : Cortex Hospital Management Application (Product)
content	experience	Language : JAVA EE
content	experience	Frame work : Spring MVC,Hibernate
content	experience	Description : Cortex Hospital Management Application is a web application fully designed and being
content	experience	developed for the rising needs in the health management sector to handle in-patient details, Insurance,
content	experience	Medical Claims etc. Cortex Hospital Management Application is fully developed with the state of art
content	experience	Technology using JSP with one of the most secure and stable Frameworks Spring MVC and hibernate.
header	experience	Roles and Responsibilities:
content	experience	 Played a key role in gathering Hospital requirements to design an efficient application to satisfy
content	experience	the hospital needs.
content	experience	 Developing the application using JAVA Spring MVC framework.
content	experience	 Developed Test Data for the module and designed Unit Test Cases and Unit Test Specifications.
content	experience	 Have a strong belief of establishing the product in renowned hospitals in Middle East countries
content	experience	Project : Pharmacy Application (Product)
content	experience	Language : JAVA EE
content	experience	Frame work : Spring MVC, Hibernate
content	experience	Description : Cortex Pharmacy management Software provides the complete pharmacy software
content	experience	solution to fulfill all of your pharmacy’s requirements today and beyond. It is developed to manage the
content	experience	entire transactions done in a pharmacy Sector. It is a web based system to replace all the existing desk
content	experience	top systems for reasons of portability and better functions from usability point of view. Cortex is the
content	experience	Customizable and user friendly Pharmacy Software available in the market.
content	experience	Project : 10x Banking
content	experience	Language : JAVA EE
content	experience	Frame work : Spring Boot, Java 8, DynamoDB
content	experience	Description : The 10x Banking Platform is a transformative ecosystem which facilitates the
content	experience	interoperability of all financial services. Essentially, platform will enable all the players in the financial
content	experience	market to exchange information and trade with each other, and aims to be the mobilizing technology
content	experience	that transforms customer engagement with financial services. The technology will compete with
content	experience	traditional core banking platforms utilizing simplified data architecture and new technical components.
content	experience	The 10x platform will be open, enabling and encouraging organizations to distribute their financial
content	experience	services and products by matching their brand advocates to connected product providers and credit
content	experience	providers.
header	experience	Roles and Responsibilities:
content	experience	 Developing the application using JAVA Spring MVC framework.
content	experience	 Four members in Our Project.
content	experience	 Develop User and Admin Module.
header	education	A C A D E M I C D E T A I L S
content	education	Qualification Institution
content	education	University/
content	education	Board
content	education	Year Of
content	education	passing
content	education	Aggregate
content	education	Master Of Computer
content	education	Applications
content	education	KMCT College OF engineering,
content	education	Calicut.
content	education	Calicut
content	education	University
content	education	2013 66%
content	education	BSc
content	education	(Mathametics)
content	education	Sree Narayana Guru College
content	education	Calicut
content	education	Calicut University 2009 58%
content	education	Plus Two
content	education	Markaz Higher Secondary School
content	education	Calicut
content	education	Kerala Board 2006 58%
content	education	Class X
content	education	Medical College Campus
content	education	Calicut
content	education	Kerala Board 2004 51%
header	others	P E R S O N A L D E T A I L S
meta	others	ADDRESS PERSONAL PROFILE
meta	others	Passport Number : N1436660 Date of birth : 16/10/1987
meta	others	PAN Card No : CEMPS6700R Gender : Male
meta	others	Address : Muthettu Mannil (HO) Marital status : Married
meta	others	Karanthur (PO) Nationality : Indian
meta	others	Calicut – 673571 Kerela Languages Known: English, Malayalam and Tamil
header	others	D E C L A R A T I O N
meta	others	I hereby declare that the information given above is correct and complete to the best of my
meta	others	knowledge and belief.
meta	others	Place: Calicut SREEJESH M M
meta	others	Date: 10/11/2018
