meta	others	SATTAM DAS
meta	others	Email Id: sattam123@gmail.com
content	others	Phone: 9609652375
header	experience	Personal Summary
meta	experience	 1.8 years of experience in Appian BPM.
content	experience	 2 years of IT experience.
content	experience	 Appian Analyst Credential certified BPM practitioner.
content	experience	 Pegasystems Certified System Architect (CSA) 7.1 BPM practitioner, excellent hands-on.
content	experience	 Well versed with SAIL terminologies and experience in designing user input forms, Tempo
content	experience	reports, CDT structure.
content	experience	 Good experience in designing and developing Appian-BPM based applications
content	experience	 Was part of the BPM COE team in Mphasis
content	experience	 B.Tech in Computer Science & Engineering with 8.2 DGPA.
header	experience	Technical Competencies
content	experience	 BPM products : Appian 16.2, Pega PRPC 7.1
content	experience	 Web Technologies : HTML, XML, Javascript, Struts, CSS, Apache Tomcat, ASP.NET, JSP
content	experience	 Databases : Oracle SQL, MySQL developer, Oracle 10g
content	experience	 Languages : Java, J2EE, C#, C++, Python
content	experience	 Frameworks : Struts, .NET, BPM frameworks
header	project	Projects
content	experience	1. Order fulfillment System
header	project	Description:
content	experience	Task is to design a system for a leading telecom giant which will process wholesale
content	experience	orders received from an upstream system to a downstream application. Develop the system
content	experience	such as it will receive orders and the orders will go through multiple validations before
content	experience	feeding to the downstream systems. Designing high level process flows with complex
content	experience	business logics. Developing tempo reports which consists of complex functionality.
content	experience	Role: Developer
content	experience	Technologies: Appian 16.2.
header	experience	Responsibilities:
content	experience	 Gathering and understanding Client requirements and implementing them
content	experience	accordingly.
content	experience	 Demonstrated portal report, tempo report, records and dashboard features of
content	experience	Appian.
content	experience	 Developed Task reports where users could view the order details. This task report
content	experience	also has filters according to the task status.
content	experience	 Created complex process flows for different kinds of telecom orders.
content	experience	 Worked on Change Request Solutions.
content	experience	 Configured security for process model, reports and records.
content	experience	 Attended UAT calls and made instant changes as per the user requirements.
content	experience	 Provide full lifecycle support to clients from initial client interaction and
content	experience	requirements analysis through design, coding, testing, debugging, implementation
content	experience	and integration.
content	experience	 Received appreciation from the client on a daily basis for developing a scalable
content	experience	system.
content	experience	 Deployed many enhancement which led us to several new business wins.
content	experience	2. Order fulfillment Systems Support
header	experience	Description:
content	experience	Task is to provide production support for already existing system developed by our
content	experience	team. These Order fulfillment systems consist of different kind of telecom orders which includes
content	experience	creating several tasks which needs to be completed by the assigned group, tracking it’s progress and
content	experience	updates. Monitoring all the Orders and keeping track in SQL database.
content	experience	Role: Appian Production Support
content	experience	Technologies: Appian 16.2
header	experience	Responsibilities:
content	experience	 Providing Production Support for Order fulfillment System Developed by team.
content	experience	 Involved in maintaining and analyzing performance of the system.
content	experience	 Suggesting scope of improvement in system based on user feedback and registered
content	experience	tickets.
content	experience	 R & D and enhancement of existing system.
content	experience	 Finding root cause and deploying changes accordingly.
content	experience	3. Customer on-boarding solution (Internal)
header	experience	Description:
content	experience	This application facilitates efficient tracking and monitoring of different processes that are
content	experience	involved in the on-boarding of the institutional customers of Financial Institutions, thereby enabling
content	experience	acceleration of the entire process. The system facilitates processes like capturing client information
content	experience	and documents, reviewing and approving the info, tracking KYC, etc.
content	experience	Role : Developer and Infrastructure Management
content	experience	Skill/Tool : Appian 16.2
content	experience	Roles and Responsibilities:
content	experience	 Created UIs according to BRS collected by senior business analyst.
content	experience	 High level process analysis and design for the application.
content	experience	 Implemented validations and created business rules as per the requirements.
content	experience	 Involved in Appian 16.2 server setup over the intranet, and also managing server
content	experience	infrastructure and maintenance as and when required.
meta	others	Date of birth: 08/04/1992.
content	knowledge	Languages Known: English, Hindi and Bengali.
meta	others	I hereby declare that the above mentioned details are true to the best of my knowledge.
meta	others	Sattam Das.
