meta	others	Dilkhush Bharucha
meta	others	DILKHUSH BHARUCHA
meta	experience	5/Ajeet Bld, Plot no 148, Sher-e-Punjab Society, Next to Tolani College, Andheri (E), Mumbai - 93
meta	experience	Customer Service & Operations
content	experience	Commerce graduate with 7 years work history in operations management specializing in branch operations, customer service and new business generation through up-sell/cross-sell.
header	experience	PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
content	experience	ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company, Mumbai
content	experience	Feb ‘06 – Mar ‘12
content	experience	Branch Customer Service Manager, Mumbai
content	experience	Oct ‘08 – Mar ‘12
content	experience	Led a team of 8 employees and 7 CPAs to manage a customer base of appx 1.1 million with AUM of appx.8185 million to deliver following responsibilities:-
content	experience	(1) Customer Service:
content	experience	Manage customer service framework of branch and provide end to end resolution of all customer interactions.
content	experience	Provide resolution to customer complaints and escalations within TAT and take initiatives to reduce their origination while adhering to closure quality norms.
content	experience	Execute customer retention exercise to guard against leakage in AUM.
header	experience	Achievements:
content	experience	Number of complaints reduced to 20 per quarter from 170 per quarter by end of FY 2012.
content	experience	Retention increased to 40% of surrender request/ partial withdrawal request by end of FY 2012.
content	experience	(2) Operations:
content	experience	Adhere to company guidelines for error free processing of applications via proper and timely training to related parties.
content	experience	Liaise with Central Operations and Central Underwriting teams to
content	experience	(a) enhance sales support for timely policy issuance and
content	experience	(b) ensure timely settlement of claims.
content	experience	End to end supervision of new advisor membership applications along with training of sales managers on underwriting norms.
content	experience	Manage daily branch reconciliation along with various MIS as desired by management.
header	experience	Achievements:
content	experience	Attainted Six Sigma (monthly review) in branch operations for three consecutive years.
content	experience	Branch audit received ‘Green’ tag for 2 consecutive years highlighting highest level of compliance.
content	experience	… contd pg. 2
content	experience	:2:
content	experience	3) Revenue generation: Achieve renewal targets for the branch as communicated from time to time and contribute to branch revenue maximization via Top –Up solicitations.
content	experience	Provide Service-to-sales via new policy solutions for branch Walk Ins and references.
content	experience	Achievements:
content	experience	Led the branch to attain 3rd position Pan India for achieving record sales via sales-to- service channel.
content	experience	(4) Additional:
content	experience	Pan Mumbai responsibility of off-role employees’ on-boarding and vendor management.
content	experience	Process request for additional off-role employees’ hires basis productivity matrix and appropriate approvals.
header	others	HONORS
content	others	2012
content	others	Awarded ICICI Prudential prestigious TATVA GOLD STANDARD for excellence in customer service, branch operations and contribution to branch business.
content	others	2011
content	others	(a) Awarded TATVA for display of right leadership & environment in Q2.
content	others	(b) Awarded ‘Extra Mile’ for achieving renewal premium of INR 2 million in the last week of November.
content	others	2010
content	others	Awarded Master Blaster for exceeding revenue targets under service to sales category.
content	others	2006-09
content	others	Awarded with “HOWZATT” 6 times for initiatives other than key result areas.
content	others	CARRER PROGRESSION
content	others	Feb ‘06
content	others	Appointed as Company Customer Service Executive to manage branch related customer queries with ICICI Prudential Life Insurance.
content	others	Feb ‘07
content	others	Promoted as Customer Service Associate with additional responsibilities of branch operations.
content	others	Sep ‘07
content	others	Promoted as Branch in-charge with responsibilities of team management for branch service and operations apart for customer escalations.
content	others	Oct ‘08
content	others	Promoted as Customer Service Manager for management of Tier I branch.
content	others	…contd pg. 3
content	others	:3:
header	education	EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION
content	education	Mar 2005
content	education	Bachelor of Commerce, Mumbai University with specialization in Accounts
content	education	Mar 2002
content	education	Higher secondary certificate (HSC) from Maharashtra State Board
content	education	Mar 2000
content	education	Secondary School Certification (S.S.C) from Maharashtra State Board
header	others	PERSONAL INFORMATION
header	others	Date of Birth:
meta	others	5th November, 1984
header	others	Marital Status:
meta	others	Single
header	others	Hand phone:
meta	others	+91 9833243441
meta	others	Email id:
meta	others	dilkhushb@gmail.com
header	others	Religion:
meta	others	Zoroastrian
header	knowledge	Languages known:
content	knowledge	English, Hindi, Marathi, Gujarati.
