meta	others	MINAL VIG
meta	others	#502, Pine, Shreeji Splendor, Brahmand, minal.vig@gmail.com
meta	others	GB Road, Thane West, Mumbai
meta	others	9930909011
header	education	EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION:
content	education	· October 2008 - October 2010 :- Masters in Business Administration (MBA) from The Institute of Technology and Management [The Southern New Hampshire University (SNHU), USA]
content	education	· June 2004 – March 2005:- Bachelors of Commerce (B.Com) from Mumbai University.
header	experience	Profile Summary
content	experience	· A competent HR Professional with 10+ years of experience as HR Generalist
content	experience	· Including experience in Recruitment and Retention, Employee Engagement, Training & Development and HR policies development
content	experience	· Adept with Problem Solving, People Management and Building Long Term Relationships with Senior Management, Peers and Partners
header	knowledge	Key Skills
content	knowledge	· Talent Acquisition:
content	knowledge	· Candidate Evaluation
content	knowledge	· Offer Negotiation
content	knowledge	· On-Boarding
content	knowledge	· Induction
content	knowledge	· Talent Management:
content	knowledge	· Performance Management
content	knowledge	· Compensation & Benefits
content	knowledge	· Organization Restructuring
content	knowledge	· HR Operations
content	knowledge	· Payroll processing
content	knowledge	· Talent Retention:
content	knowledge	· Learning & Development
content	knowledge	· Employee Engagement
content	knowledge	· Rewards & Recognition
content	knowledge	· Employee Relations
header	experience	Rainbow International School
content	experience	Sr. Manager – Human Resources
content	experience	Jan 2015 till date
content	experience	American School of Bombay
content	experience	Manager - Human Resources
content	experience	June 2009 till Jan 2014
content	experience	Intelenet Global Services Quality Manager Jan 2007 to July 2009
content	experience	Convergys India Services Technical Support Executive June 2005 to Dec 2007
content	experience	Professional Abstract
header	experience	Talent Acquisition
content	experience	· Mid to Junior level hiring for various profiles
content	experience	· Proficient in Manpower Planning and Budgeting
content	experience	· Cost Effective Hiring – Job Portals, Internal References, Social Media
content	experience	· Formulation of Organization Structures and Job Descriptions
content	experience	Talent Management
content	experience	· Hand holding candidates till their date of joining to ensure smooth on-boarding experience
content	experience	· On boarding and Induction
content	experience	· HR Operations - Managing the entire employee life cycle
content	experience	· Grievance handling, addressing policy related queries
header	experience	Payroll Management
content	experience	· Managing, updating and controlling the HRIS (SAP) independently
content	experience	· Leave and attendance management
content	experience	· PF
content	experience	· Updating policies and upgrading the current system through automation of processes.
content	experience	· MIS & Reports
header	experience	Performance Management
content	experience	· An integral part in the process of annual salary revisions / performance appraisals
content	experience	· Completion of Goal Setting Exercise as per agreed timelines
content	experience	· Compensation restructuring
header	experience	Learning and Development
content	experience	· Identifying and analyzing the training needs
content	experience	· Planning the annual training calendar along with the business team
content	experience	· Evaluating the effectiveness of the programs and collating feedback
header	experience	Employee Engagement
content	experience	· Designed and executed various employee engagement and rewards and recognition programs
content	experience	· Co-anchored and drafted policies along with cross functional teams
content	experience	· Studying the attrition trend and gauging the people pulse to ensure a more engaged organization
content	experience	· Active participant in the organization-wide communication
content	experience	· Adept in planning and execution of workshops for employees to help them understand the processes and policies implemented in the organization
content	experience	· Planned and executed skipped level meetings and Town Halls for healthy interactions between the management and the employees
header	experience	Organizational Restructuring
content	experience	· Involved in supporting the management team to communicate across the organization, redesign organization structure in backdrop during the process
content	experience	· Managed the Layoffs taking into consideration employee’s state of mind and managed the exit process smoothly.
content	experience	· Community Service Initiatives
content	experience	Jan 2007 to July 2009 Intelenet Global Services
content	experience	Intelenet portfolio includes: Deals in offshore processes from US and UK. Handles banking, billing and health care services for various MNCs.
header	experience	My Job profile and Responsibilities is as follows:
content	experience	· Working as a part of the Credit Bureau Team, majorly involved in consumer credit checks for Transunion.
content	experience	· Supervising and monitoring smooth flow of credit reputation analysis for customers.
content	experience	· Working on Systems like CRS2 , CMS (Avaya).
content	experience	· Handling a Team of 12 Agents.
content	experience	· Monitoring calls and providing Feedback.
content	experience	· Handling presentations and group reports.
content	experience	· Granting or denying credit to the U.S. Clients.
content	experience	· Maintaining Business as well as personal Credit Reports.
content	experience	· Responsible for achieving Monthly targets as per SLA’s as well as Sales.
content	experience	· Involved in checking the Fraud Database for the U.S. Consumers and then providing the proper procedure.
content	experience	· Effectively training floor agents to meet the training objectives.
content	experience	June 2005 to Dec 2007 Convergys India Services
content	experience	Convergys portfolio includes: Global leader in customer management, billing and HR services, providing outsourcing, services, consulting and software solutions to leading companies around the world.
header	experience	My Job profile and Responsibilities is as follows:
content	experience	· Working for Optus Mobile Customer Care, interacting with Australian customers and client.
content	experience	· My job profile includes quality management across the floor, also involved in error management and process development by finding process gaps and providing solutions or suggestions for solving it.
content	experience	· Worked on systems like, Focus, Icon, HLR, CMS (Avaya), CRDB (Comprehensive Report Database Management System), TKS (Time Keeping System).
content	experience	· Actively involved in client interaction in regards to technical queries and updates.
content	experience	· Monitoring calls and providing feedback to agents.
content	experience	· Imparting training to people of across the floor on various updates.
content	experience	· Identify opportunities for improvement to polices, procedures and systems.
content	experience	· Responsible for conducting quality sessions for various teams to improve overall performance of the floor and meet client expectations.
content	experience	· Handling presentations and group reports.
content	experience	· Assist / Support team members with personal development planning.
content	experience	· Imparting training to people of across the floor on various updates.
content	experience	· Identify opportunities for improvement to polices, procedures and systems.
meta	others	Date:
meta	others	Place: Mumbai (Minal Vig)
