meta	others	Jyothi Varne
meta	others	|Mobile # +91 9916133077 | Email – Jyothi.varne@gmail.com
header	experience	Profile Summary
content	experience	A seasoned Human Resource professional with over 9 years of experience in HR functions, spanning across end-to-end recruitment, manpower planning, deploy learning & development initiatives, conducting training needs analysis, driving employee engagements, process documentation, audits, employee relations, corporate communication, delivering operational excellence, re-engineering & technology implementation for HR, stakeholder management, team management, vendor management & performance management.
header	education	Education Qualification
content	education	Degree | PGDBM
content	education	Major: Human resoUrces
content	education	College/University: Wigan & Leigh College, UK (University of Central Lancashire)
header	experience	Work Experience:
content	experience	ASSISTANT MANAGER/Level 10 | Accenture india | August 2010 – JUNE 2017
content	experience	· Central point of contact for end to end project management with respect to HR projects across business lines for Talent Supply Chain & Employee Life Cycle for Accenture India.
content	experience	· Steered the identification, creation and execution of investments for enhancing HR processes in line with the business needs to help HR service delivery and other related processes achieve desired outcomes by liaising with India Leadership team.
content	experience	· Support delivery of the Business HR Strategy, goals and projects in Accenture HR for India GU. Work with the HR in the Business to ensure the delivery of the local HR plan and the global HR strategies at the local level, focused on Talent, cultural (D&I) and capability building agenda.
content	experience	Ensure application of Global & Country HR policies, processes, and systems. Engagement with respective Leadership Teams to ensure appropriate communication, understanding, and adherence.
content	experience	· Act as an SME for internal employees/auditors with respect to any process /policy re – engineering efforts, analyze impacts, roll out communication plans and drive change across India GU by coordinating with Business and Technology leads.
content	experience	Previous role held @ Accenture
content	experience	Sr. HR Executive /Analyst – Cross Operations: Recruitment - HRSSC
content	experience	· Conducted training need analysis for over 300 resources by partnering with process leads, service delivery managers & India Capability development team.
content	experience	· Partner with Internal Communication team to roll out monthly newsletters, conduct webcasts, leadership town halls & employee connects.
content	experience	· Assist the People Project Advocate in people engagement initiatives, fun events on the floor, Monthly Leadership connects, Quarterly Business review meets & organizing focus groups.
content	experience	· Formulated the action plans to improvise on the engagement score based on the global employee survey results by working closely with the leadership team.
content	experience	· Manage overall hiring, training, new joiner induction, salary processing and exit formalities for Contract hires.
content	experience	· Led an internal 11-member team and 9 PAN India Vendors to ensure compliance with Background check policy for all Candidates (across levels) joining Accenture India.
content	experience	· Tracked SLA & Metrics for Vendor performance, SOX Controls and P File process.
content	experience	· Certified & Deployed Operational Excellence, Six Sigma projects for the India HRSSC Recruitment team
content	experience	AssociaTe | AIRCEL | June 2009 – AUGUST 2010
content	experience	· As a part of the Service assurance team spearheaded the entire quality perspective & SLA adherence mainly for 3 OSCC for 5 processes – Inbound & Outbound; certified & trained NHIT Agents, QAs and TLs
content	experience	· Ensured that SLA’s were met by the Out Sourced Call center partners as per the business contract signed; conducted customer satisfaction survey-VOC to gauge on the quality of resolution provided by Agents
content	experience	CONSULTANT | SIEMENS | JANUARY 2008 – JUNE 2009
content	experience	· Managed overall recruitment process for both IT and Non IT Professionals as a member of the staffing team through Vendors, ER, Walk ins, Job Boards.
content	experience	· Was a key member in the Campus engagement plan and branding activity for Bangalore & Chennai
content	experience	· Ensured required documentation was collected as a part of offer roll out, conduct new joiner orientation and touch point calls prior Onboarding.
header	others	Personal Details
meta	others	Date of birth - 01/01/1986
content	others	Marital Status – Single
meta	others	Current Location – Bangalore, India
meta	others	Valid Passport – Available, will furnish details on request
meta	others	Page 3
