meta	others	Chembur
meta	others	Mumbai 400089
meta	others	8652311308
meta	others	snehalbansode141@gmail.com
header	others	S​NEHAL​ B​HIMRAO​ B​ANSODE
content	others	Summary A versatile graduate who is a pharmacist by profession with a firm sense of
content	others	responsibility, self-motivation, commitment, creativity, hard work,
content	others	self-discipline and determination. Currently seeking a challenging career in
content	others	pharmacovigilance where I can contribute my knowledge and skill set for
content	others	growth and development of self and organization.
content	experience	Roles and responsibility
content	experience	● Receive, review and process pharmacovigilance data from various
content	experience	sources on time and with quality standards.
content	experience	● Downloading of Individual Case Safety Reports (ICSRs) from
content	experience	Eudravigilance Database.
content	experience	● Performing weekly literature search.
content	experience	● Coordinating with the vendor for case processing activity.
content	experience	● Perform data entry correctly. Maintaining quality of cases entered
content	experience	in Argus Database.
content	experience	● Coding of adverse reactions with the help of MedDRA.
content	experience	● Having knowledge on generate follow up queries and sending
content	experience	Follow-up requests.
content	knowledge	● Knowledge in reviewing literature screening search results,
content	experience	identifying ICSRs.
content	experience	● Writing descript narratives, generating queries pertinent to the
content	experience	case, performing quality review.
content	experience	● coordinating for obtaining full text articles (FTA) and translations
content	experience	and ensuring the same are sent to the vendors within assigned
content	experience	deadlines.
content	experience	● Handling of operations mails on daily basis, performing
content	experience	consistency checks of labeling, PT checks, Reporter checks and
content	experience	Approval number checks. Reviewing Targeted Follow-up
content	experience	Questionnaires inconsistency checks on daily basis.
content	experience	● Performing literature PPQC for maintaining the correctness of
content	experience	creation of number of ICSR’s from a single literature. Identifying
content	experience	secondary references from literature source.
content	experience	● Attending client calls and meetings.
content	experience	● Participation in inspection and audit interviews.
content	experience	● Preparing SOP’s for consistent workflow.
content	experience	● Train the new associates from end to end Workflow.
header	knowledge	Skills &
header	knowledge	Abilities
content	knowledge	● Having excellent skills on MS Word, MS PowerPoint, MS Office,
content	knowledge	Outlook and Excel.
content	knowledge	● Good command over Argus Database,
content	knowledge	● Successfully organized seminars, meetings, team-building
content	experience	activities, and collaborations.
content	experience	● Had to quickly adapt to changes and prepare for unforeseen
content	experience	circumstances.
header	experience	Experience ● T​RAINEE​ ​AT​ G​RINDLAYS​ P​HARMACEUTICALS​.
content	experience	● 2016 to APR-2017.
content	experience	● Performed review of COA and API of products.
content	experience	● Assisted in preparation of COA of products.
content	experience	● D​RUG​ S​AFETY​ A​SSOCIATE​ (T​RAINEE​) ​AT​ A​SCEND​ HR ​SERVICES​.
content	experience	● APR-2017 to JUL-2019
content	experience	● Responsible for initial duplicate search activity and book in of cases in Argus
content	experience	Database correctly.
content	experience	● Performed data entry of various sources in Argus Database.
content	experience	● J​R​. D​RUG​ S​AFETY​ A​SSOCIATE​ ​AT​ A​LKEM​ L​ABORATORIES​.
content	experience	● AUG-2019 till date.
content	experience	● As mentioned in roles and responsibility.
header	education	Education ● M​UMBAI​ ​EDUCATIONAL​ ​TRUST​ ​LOCATED​ ​AT​ ​BANDRA​.
content	education	● Graduated with Bachelor’s degree in Pharmacy with a CGPA score of 6.14.
content	education	● HIGHER SECONDARY EDUCATION FROM MODERN COLLEGE LOCATED IN VASHI.
content	experience	● Completed S.S.C with first class.
content	education	● SECONDARY SCHOOL EDUCATION FROM NEW MODEL ENGLISH HIGH SCHOOL
content	education	LOCATED IN CHEMBUR.
content	education	● Completed S.S.C with 78.80 % score.
meta	others	Communicatio
meta	others	n
meta	others	● Absorbing, sharing, and understanding information presented.
meta	others	● Communicating in a way that others grasp.
meta	others	● Respecting others’ points of view through engagement and
meta	others	interest.
meta	others	Page 2
meta	others	● Using relevant knowledge, know-how, and skills to explain and
meta	others	clarify thoughts and ideas.
meta	others	● Listening to others when they communicate, asking questions to
meta	others	better understand.
meta	others	● Participated in three conferences till date.
meta	others	Leadership ● Managed a team of 12 in sports activity and won the title of
meta	others	“winners”.
meta	others	● Maintaining morale and workplace harmony.
meta	others	● Motivating and inspiring everyone to do their best work.
meta	others	● Giving & Receiving Feedback.
meta	others	Page 3
