meta	others	DEVTANU CHAKRABORTY
meta	others	Mobile: 09272088430 ~ E-Mail: devtanuchakraborty@gmail.com
meta	others	Seeking managerial assignments in Operations Management in a dynamic environment that focuses on building relationships with clients and promotes customer satisfaction while achieving organizational and personal goals.
header	experience	PROFILE SNAPSHOT
content	experience	· Over 13 years of experience in Operations & Team Management, Sales & Retention, Revenue Generation & MIS in BPO sector both International and Domestic.
content	experience	· Proficient at managing & leading teams for running successful process operations & experience of developing procedures, service standards for business excellence
content	experience	· Adept at providing value added customer service, ensuring quality and service norms by mentoring / guiding the team members with excellent training and development
content	experience	· Excellent interpersonal, communication and organizational skills with proven abilities in leadership skills, team management and customer relationship management
header	experience	CORE COMPETENCIES
header	experience	Operations / Process Management
header	experience	Sales & Retention Management Training & Mentoring
content	experience	Revenue Generation
content	experience	MIS Reporting
content	experience	Team Management
header	experience	ORGANISATIONAL EXPERIENCE
content	experience	Oct’18 – Till Date with Aegis Customer Support Services PVT LTD.
content	experience	Manager Operations – Pay-tm Market Place
header	experience	Operations Management
content	experience	· To manage 250 FTE along with 3 Assistant Managers , 14 team leaders to ensure that projects are managed efficiently and effectively as per service level agreement
content	experience	· Manage Business KPI’s to ensure no impact on PNL for the process.
content	experience	· Prepare and conduct weekly and monthly review with client
content	experience	· Formulating & implementing procedures for daily operations and internal reporting systems for monitoring quality.
content	experience	· Forecasting workload and scheduling staff to meet anticipated workload within scheduled turnaround time thereby enhancing efficiency.
content	experience	· Interacting with clients through e-mails and daily Conference Calls to review and resolve operational issues as well as implement new process & procedure changes.
content	experience	· Preparing weekly/ monthly and quarterly reports and maintain employee performance database tracker with a view to monitor efficiency of employees.
header	experience	Process Management
content	experience	· Mapping client’s requirements and coordinating in developing, implementing and transitioning processes in line with the guidelines specified by the client.
content	experience	· Administrating process improvement initiatives through system changes, process re-alignment/ redefining & efficiency management.
content	experience	· Monitoring the overall functioning of processes, identifying improvement areas and implementing adequate measures to maximize customer satisfaction level.
content	experience	· Creating & implementing workflows to facilitate structured support in all areas and issues.
content	experience	· Maintaining coordination with Infrastructure & IT Dept. for the floor issues, monitoring Operations Monitor System and analysing various reports viz. process dashboards reports.
content	experience	· Transitioned new hires from training to the Floor and helped them demonstrate excellent performance.
header	experience	People Management
content	experience	· Identifying and implementing strategies for building team effectiveness by promoting a spirit of cooperation between team members.
content	experience	· Driving team towards a customer-centric delivery of services, team management and up gradation/training etc.
content	experience	· Planning targets, monitoring them and ensuring achievement of overall targets on a daily, weekly & monthly basis as well as conducting appraisal and one-to-one interviews.
content	experience	· Determining training needs of employees through competency mapping and arranging suitable training program to enhance their skills.
content	experience	· Creating and sustaining an environment that fosters development opportunities and motivates high performance through effective management and career development.
content	experience	· Appropriately using Rewards & Recognition to energize and team members. Leave planning, Managing Compensatory Offs, Unscheduled Leave Initiating Disciplinary procedure in conjunction with HR and Reporting manager.
content	experience	· Monitoring, identifying and resolving performance/behaviour/attendance issues using performance management techniques.
content	experience	· Ensuring a high-quality customer experience, analysing CSAT (Customer Satisfaction), elevating customer satisfaction, while adhering to the SLAs and work processes.
content	experience	· Monitoring agent calls, analysing performance and providing valuable feedback as well as charting out plans for improvement in quality and service standards.
content	experience	Sep’15 – Sep’18 with Hinduja Global Solutions
content	experience	Assistant Operations Manager – IDEA Cellular
header	experience	Key Responsibilities:-
content	experience	· To manage a group of 150 FTE along with 11 Team Leaders and 11 subject matter experts to ensure KPI’s are managed as per service level agreement.
content	experience	· Manage Business KPI’s to ensure no impact on PNL for the process.
content	experience	· Prepare and conduct weekly and monthly review with client and circle teams.
content	experience	· Hiring of Team Leader and support staff as operation panel.
content	experience	· Managing value adds for the process in terms of new prospect generation and upselling revenue generation.
content	experience	· Planning of Roster basis forecast and manpower available.
content	experience	· Performance appraisal for all Post-paid LOB support staff.
content	experience	· Managing Monthly, Quarterly and Yearly Advisor performance management as per HR and Quality grids.
content	experience	· Feedback to Direct Reportees on Weekly and monthly basis regarding their performance and behaviour.
content	experience	· Focusing on Bottom Quartile for different metrics and providing effective training and feedback to help them in meeting Client targets.
content	experience	· Generate sales revenue equal to the total business billing
content	experience	· Worked on saving cost to company on transport where in different steps were taken to save impact on PNL
content	experience	· Planning of urgent OT requirement with WFM on client’s and process requirement.
content	experience	Jun’14 – Aug’15 with Mphasis Ltd.
content	experience	Unit Manager – Customer Service IDEA Cellular
content	experience	· Lead a team of 25 individuals for servicing Platinum Segment Customers.
content	experience	· Maintaining Various Client KPI’s and KRA’s month on month.
content	experience	· Mentoring team members on areas of opportunities to assist them in meeting their performance goals.
content	experience	· Maintaining Leave Planner for controlling absenteeism.
content	experience	· Generate sales revenue equal to the total business billing
content	experience	· Taking care of the skill set Roster (Leave quota alignment) with CWFM Team.
content	experience	· To manage daily and monthly Service level’s
content	experience	· Prepare glide path and action plan to achieve operational KPI’s
content	experience	· Lead weekly client calls with circle Spocs.
content	experience	· Prepare and present Weekly internal and Monthly external reviews.
content	experience	Jan’13 – April’ 14 with Tech Mahindra Business Services Limited, Pune
header	experience	Team Leader – Retentions
content	experience	· Lead a Team of 20 consultants to retain customers for 3G Mobile Phone Network in UK.
content	experience	· Maintained upgrade to inbound calls and Net Promoter Score month on month.
content	experience	· Performing day to day Detractor Analysis based on scores received.
content	experience	· Mentoring team members on areas of opportunities to assist them in meeting their performance goals.
content	experience	· Ensuring consistent performance on all Critical Performance Matrices (CPM’s)
content	experience	· Sharing data and action plans accordingly with every single individual at the end of every week.
content	experience	· Sending across data for unbudgeted shrinkage, login hrs, AHT to the TOM Group.
content	experience	· Maintaining Leave Planner for controlling absenteeism.
content	experience	· Have also worked with the Fraud ops team.
content	experience	Jan’06 – Sep’12 with Wipro-BPO Solutions Limited, New Delhi
content	experience	Growth Path:
header	experience	Associate – Member Saves and Retention:
content	experience	Jan’06 – Dec’07
header	experience	Quality Analyst AOL UK MSR:
content	experience	Jan’08 – Aug’08
content	experience	Compliance Auditor – AOL UK MSR AND MST:
content	experience	Sep’08 – Dec’08
header	experience	Team Leader - HP (Operations):
content	experience	Jan’09 – Aug’11
header	experience	Group Leader - HP (Operations):
content	experience	Sep’11-Sep’12
header	experience	As Group Leader - HP (Operations):
content	experience	· Responsible for revenue generation for the site
content	experience	· Heading a team of 25 Consultants as an additional responsibility in HP
content	experience	· Looking after Site Level MIS reports such as Loyalty incentive, Sales incentive, Stacks, QPLC
content	experience	· Ensuring consistent performance on all critical Performance Measures (CPM’s) as well as processing of invoices as per turnaround-time (TAT)
content	experience	· Responsible for maintaining the RPC (revenue per call) scores week on week for the site
content	experience	· Facilitating:
content	experience	· Sales mix to achieve the revenue figure (Desktops, Laptops, Printers, Accessories, and Warranties)
content	experience	· R6 (Reconditioned units and Warranties) sales as well as HHO (New Hardwares) with daily and weekly contests
content	experience	· Acting as:
content	experience	· Process Level Spoc for seed courses and new referral joining
content	experience	· Process Level Spoc for all MIS related data and payouts
content	experience	As Team Leader - HP (Operations):
content	experience	· Functioned as Team Leader - maintaining RPC scores week on week; team achieved $20000 in a single shift (unbreakable record)
content	experience	· Led a team of 15 Consultants in HP (Semi Tech and Revenue Generation Process)
content	experience	· Mentoring team members on areas of opportunities to assist them in meeting their performance goals
content	experience	· Ensuring consistent performance on all Critical Performance Measures (CPM’s)
content	experience	· Instrumental in maintaining RPC scores week on week Education
content	experience	· Increasing Revenue generation\FTE and looking after Span Level MIS reports like productivity, revenue/FTE, etc.
content	experience	· Maintaining Leave Planner for controlling absenteeism
content	experience	· Carrying out yearly performance appraisal for 15 consultants in the assigned team
content	experience	· Maintaining C-SAT scores week on week and facilitating TPR (Total Problem Resolution) and FCR (First Call Resolution) to achieve best scores on every call
content	experience	· Performing day to day D-sat Analysis based on scores received
content	experience	· Sharing data and action plans accordingly with every single individual at the end of every week
header	experience	PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE
content	experience	Jun’05 - Dec’05 with NIIT Smart Serve, Gurgaon as Executive
content	experience	Jul’03 – May’05 with Sigma Constructions Pvt. Ltd., Kolkata as a Junior Accountant handling payroll, sales tax, income tax.
header	education	EDUCATION
content	education	2008
content	education	Post Graduation Diploma in Business Administration (Finance) from SCDL, Pune
content	education	2003
content	education	Bachelor of Commerce (Hons.) in Accountancy from S.A. Jaipuria College, University of Calcutta with
content	education	Kolkata, West Bengal
content	education	2001
content	education	CA Foundation from ICAI Kolkata, West Bengal
content	education	2000
content	education	HSC in Commerce from K.V. Fort William School, Kolkata with 1st Division
content	education	1998
content	education	SSC from K.V. Dum Dum School, Kolkata with 1st Division
content	education	Technical:
content	education	1999
content	education	Certificate course in computer applications from LCC, Kolkata
header	knowledge	IT Skills:
content	knowledge	· Proficient in Windows Operating Systems, MS Word, MS Excel, and MS PowerPoint
header	others	PERSONAL DETAILS
content	others	Date of Birth:
content	others	6th November, 1982
header	others	Address:
content	others	“BLENDS” FLAT No. – 401, S.R. No-144, Near Aakash Ganga Society, Pimple Saudagar,
content	others	Pune - 411017
header	knowledge	Languages Known:
content	knowledge	English, Hindi, Bengali
header	experience	Refer Annexure for Highlights Trainings Projects:
header	experience	SIGNIFICANT ACCOMPLISHMENTS
content	experience	· Contributed in:
content	experience	· Making the site achieved $11 mark on RPC for the first time under the leadership
content	experience	· Acquiring “Maximum Revenue Generating Team” Award for Quarter 3 and 4, 2009 and Quarter 1, 2 and 3, 2010, Quarter 1, 2 and 4, 2011
content	experience	· Acquiring “Best Team Award” in Sep 2009, Jan 2010, May 2010, Jan 2011 and July 2011
content	experience	· Recognized as “Top Quality Analysts” for Quarter 2 and 3 in the Year 2008
content	experience	· Adjudged as Best Mentor for OJT batches in the Year 2007
content	experience	· Credit of receiving the client’s acknowledgement as one of the “Top Performing Associate” in the Year 2006
content	experience	· Successful in getting client’s appreciation as one of the Top Performing Associate depending on the parameters specified by the client and company
content	experience	· Pivotal in:
content	experience	· Working under Process Quality Team
content	experience	· Working as an Auditor for compliance check for the complete MS and MSR queue
content	experience	· Achieving $20000 in a single shift (Record Still Unbeaten)
content	experience	· Promoted as a Team Leader within 3 months
content	experience	· Effectuated revenue to run at a score of 7$ to a target of 11$ just within 3 months
content	others	· Imparted training for revenue generation (as the process was not meeting targets) ensuring better performance
content	others	· Instrumental of achieving low attrition percentage over the last 4 years in Wipro
header	project	PROJECTS
content	project	· AHT in Retention Process (Churn Management) - Project had an overall impact of 20% better AHT leading to SLA being met
content	project	· GB project on DSAT% in HP as a Team Member - Project had an overall impact wherein the DSAT has improved from 15% to 8%.
header	project	TRAININGS & CERTIFICATIONS
content	experience	· One day session on “Breaking Boundaries”, an initiative of Strategic Leadership Development, Wipro BPO
content	experience	· Situational Leadership Training for Wipro BPO Team Leaders conducted by DOOR Consultancy South Asia, a leading organization involved with Corporate Training
content	experience	· “Skills Transfer Clinic” training program for Team Leaders
content	experience	· TL Academy Technical Competency Program
content	experience	· Wipro BPO Leadership Development Program
content	experience	· Attended 1 -day session on ‘Coaching Interaction Model’
content	experience	· Lean Certification Training.
content	experience	· Presentation Skills Training.
content	experience	· Interviewing Skills Training.
header	others	DEVTANU CHAKRABORTY
