meta	others	APPALANAIDU POTHALA
meta	others	Mobile : +91-9291498840,7337043322 Email : kashi.appalanaidu@gmail .com
header	others	CAREER OBJECTIVE :
header	others	An energetic, self motivated, hard working Human Resource with an experience of 7+ years. A
content	others	keen analyst with exceptional relationship skills and abilities in liaising with people and deft in
content	others	managing day-to-day operations. Possess abilities to cement healthy professional relationships
content	others	with clients for generating and expanding business leading towards accomplishing business and
content	others	corporate goals.
header	experience	CAREER GRAPH:
content	experience	Name of the organization Designation Period
content	experience	Dr Reddys Laboratories Limited Asst Manager
content	experience	HR&Adm
content	experience	Oct’2018 to till
content	experience	MSN Laboratories Limited Senior Executive –
content	experience	HR&Adm
content	experience	April 2018 to Oct’2018
content	experience	Mylan Laboratories Limited Senior Asst - HR
content	experience	&Adm
content	experience	Jan -2015 to 02nd April 2018
content	experience	Ramoji Group – UKML Executive – HR &
content	experience	Adm
content	experience	Jan-2012 to Jan-2015
content	experience	IVRCL Limited HR
content	experience	Project Coordinator
content	experience	1 Year
content	experience	Responsibilities:
content	experience	Recruitment: -
content	experience	 Sourcing right candidates as per requirement, through different sources, like
content	experience	job portals-Naukri, references.
content	experience	 Recruiting candidates for the positions of Junior level, Middle level and Senior
content	experience	level candidates.
content	experience	 Job posting, Advertising vacancies & searching for potential candidates.
content	experience	 Telephonic screening of applicants to assess Technical competence, Credentials.
content	experience	 Maintain complete Recruitment Database including inflow by augmenting
content	experience	relevant resumes on a periodic basis through various sources.
content	experience	 Organizing various levels of technical interviews and coordinating with technical
content	experience	panel on candidate assessment & taking care of salary negotiation, finalization
content	experience	of offer, updating candidate details in HRMS and offer roll out.
content	experience	 Developing Sourcing Strategy/ Plan for various requirements.
content	experience	 Evaluate the profiles, shortlist and submission of right fit profiles to
content	experience	management.
content	experience	 Help the Team Manager in developing candidate database.
content	experience	 Preparation and submission of MIS reports.
content	experience	 Issuing offer letters and salary stackup to the shortlisted candidates
content	experience	 Generating recruitment for approval
content	experience	 After offering the candidate follow-up them for Pre - Employment Medical check
content	experience	up & date of joining and holding their interest.
content	experience	 Conducted walk-in interviews for various departments.
content	experience	 Handling end to end activities of Outsourcing recruitment.
content	experience	 Issuing Appointment letter to the new recruit employee
content	experience	 Handling documentation at the time of joining formalities.
content	experience	 Giving employee code, all things necessary to employee
content	experience	 Preparing all documentation part during joining & to complete all formalities
content	experience	with employee.
content	experience	Time Office /Payroll: -
content	experience	 Executed monthly payroll analysis before closing the payroll of the month
content	experience	through the SAP (Enduser)
content	experience	 Employee attendance, leaves, shift, overtime, and calculating working hours,
content	experience	public holidays, and handling overall payroll grievances at the plant level.
content	experience	 Updating of attendance and leaves data verification for the payroll processing.
content	experience	 Ensure reimbursement of the allowances and benefits to the employees as per
content	experience	the company policies.
content	experience	 Preparing the Bank statements and deposit in Bank.
content	experience	 Track and maintain monthly active and ex-employees’ strength.
content	experience	 Resolve and clarify payroll queries received through Mail, Phone and through
content	experience	Personal Interaction.
content	experience	 Verification of the Monthly LOP’S and inform to the concerned HOD’s Through
content	experience	the mail.
content	experience	 Coordination with Corporate Payroll Team for the payroll process.
content	experience	 Weekly once given the mails to the all employees regarding the updating of
content	experience	attendance.
content	experience	 Maintain the track of Over Time
content	experience	 Making F&F Settlements of the left Employees for Every month.
content	experience	MIS Reports:-
content	experience	 Record and maintenance of resignations, transfers.
content	experience	 Tracking of Offer letter , Transfer Letters
content	experience	 Preparation of Monthly HR Reports.
content	experience	Performance Appraisal :-
content	experience	 Follow up and coordination with the HODS for appraisals and approval by
content	experience	respective Reporting officers before the closing date and finalization of the
content	experience	performance ratings
content	experience	Employee Engagement :-
content	experience	 Every Day sending birthday and congratulatory emails to the employees when
content	experience	part of the employee relations.
content	experience	 Conduct games Quarterly for refreshment
content	experience	ESIC: -
content	experience	 Submission of employee details in ESI portal and generating IP numbers.
content	experience	 Generate monthly Esic Challan.
content	experience	 Adding of family names in ESIC
content	experience	 Cross checking of ESIC IP’S with corporate Data
content	experience	 Issue the form -37
content	experience	 Monthly submission of returns
content	experience	 Submission of ESI Half Yearly returns at Local ESI office.
content	experience	Contract Labour :-
content	experience	 Ensuring full fill all the statutory Compliances as per the CL Act.
content	experience	 Monitoring the Renewal of Labour Licence.
content	experience	 Contract labour Time office Management
content	experience	 Regular checking of Contract labour Man Moment at security gate vs Soft ware.
content	experience	 Coordination with the dept heads for the labour as per the production
content	experience	requirements.
content	experience	 Monthly Contract Bills
content	experience	Welfare Activities: -
content	experience	 Maintained constant follow up with Canteen Contractors for supply of good
content	experience	quality and hygienic food at plant and also ensured availability of food for all
content	experience	employees including contract labour.
content	experience	 Coordinating the canteen meeting every quarterly with all canteen members
content	experience	 Prepare the minutes of meeting in canteen meeting and informed to vendor for
content	experience	supply hygiene food.
content	experience	 Prepare the menu and display in canteen notice board once in a week.
content	experience	 Scheduled timings for checking of canteen kitchen.
content	experience	 Prepare and checking of monthly Canteen bills.
content	experience	Statutory Compliance
content	experience	 PF Withdrawals, Transfer (Internal & External)
content	experience	 Submission Of ER-I & ER-II Quarterly returns in a Local Employment Exchange office
content	experience	 Submission of Form-III Annual Returns under Minimum wages Act.
content	experience	 Submission of Bonus Returns under bonus Act 1965
content	experience	 Maintain form -XII , XI under factories Act 1948.
content	experience	 ESIC
content	experience	 PT
content	experience	 FORM F
content	experience	 Annual &Half yearly Returns Under Factories Act 1948.
header	others	PERSONAL DETAILS:
meta	others	Permanent Address
meta	others	S R Peta (P.O) , Kotananduru (M.D) , Tuni , East Godavari (Dist)
meta	others	Present Address Jadcherla (V&MD) , Mahbubnagar (Dist), Telangana
meta	others	Father’s Name Nooka Raju
meta	others	Marital Status Single
meta	others	DOB
meta	others	Nationality
meta	others	06.12.1987
meta	others	Indian
content	knowledge	Languages Known English, Telugu, Hindi
meta	others	Hobbies
meta	others	Keywords
meta	others	Contact No
meta	others	Email ID
meta	others	Listening to Music & Playing Cricket
meta	others	HR Generalist, Payroll Executive
meta	others	9291498840 , 7337043322
meta	others	Kashi.appalanaidu@gmail.com
header	others	DECLARATION:
meta	others	I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.
meta	others	Date: (P APPALANAIDU )
header	knowledge	Computer Skills:
content	knowledge	 Packages MS-Office
header	education	Educational Credentials :-
content	education	 MHRM from AGL College Andhra University with 80% -2010
content	education	 B.A From Govt Degree College – Tuni with 61% -2008
content	education	 Intermediate from Govt Junior College with 69% -2005
content	education	 SSC from Z P H School with 65% -2003
content	education	 LLB From M R College – Andhra University with 55%- 2015
