meta	others	N Vinod Kumar
meta	others	Jaishree Arunkumar
meta	others	Jaishree Arunkumar
meta	others	No: 2354, 2nd floor, 16th Main, 2nd ‘c’ cross, HAL 2nd stage, Indiranagar,
meta	others	Bangalore-560038
meta	others	Phone Number - +91 9740009384
meta	others	jai.ak83@gmail.com
header	others	OBJECTIVE
content	others	To be a value based enterprising leader and attain a level of competency in a challenging milieu
header	experience	WORK EXPERIENCE
content	experience	Goldman Sachs Hong Kong.
content	experience	21 April 2008 - 19 December 2008
content	experience	Position – Settlement Analyst
header	experience	Roles and Responsibilities –
content	experience	· Liaising with Agent Bank to make sure all the trades are settled before the cut off time.
content	experience	· Liaising with various offices across the globe to resolve booking or trade related issues.
content	experience	· Resolving breaks on a daily basis to reflect correct positions internally.
content	experience	· Handling Malaysian settlements.
content	experience	· Running daily discrepancy reports and other reports for Asset Servicing Team.
content	experience	· Worked with Global Control team. Sub-Ledger Vs General Ledger Reconciliation.
content	experience	· Liaising with the IT department to resolve system related issues to fit the business.
content	experience	· Doing the vault count on a monthly basis to make sure that the internal bookings are accurate.
content	experience	· Projects as assigned by the team head.
content	experience	· Communicating with sales, front office, back office, middle office to resolve any client related issue.
header	experience	TATA Consultancy Services (Client – Deutsche Bank)
content	experience	July 2005 – September 2007
content	experience	Position – Senior Process Associate
header	experience	Roles and Responsibilities -
content	experience	· Working in the Investment management profile of Deutsche Bank at TCS.
content	experience	· Familiar with STP for the settlement process.
content	experience	· Managing day-to-day client mails and looking into failed trades for equities division.
content	experience	· Reconciliation of Prime Brokerage Static Data.
content	experience	· Communicating with the brokers of changes in Settlement Instructions or Legal trading names
content	experience	and updating the systems to hold the most recent records on the system for better STP and efficient settlement processing
content	experience	· Have done process training across the team.
content	experience	· Worked with the transition team at DSL to learn and train across the Equities team.
content	experience	· Worked on Alert system for retrieval of SSI data and updating the systems with the same.
content	experience	· Projects as assigned by the team head.
header	education	EDUCATION
content	education	Bishop Cotton Women’s Christian College
content	education	2004
content	education	Bachelor of Commerce.
content	education	K.V. ASC Center (S), Bangalore
content	education	2001
content	education	Standard XII
content	education	K.V. ASC Center (S), Bangalore
content	education	1999
content	education	Standard X
header	education	PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS / COURSES
header	education	Aptech India Pvt. Limited, Bangalore
content	education	Certificate of Proficiency - Information Systems Management (CPIS)
content	education	High proficiency in MS Office products ( MS Word, MS Powerpoint and MS Excel)
content	others	MULTILINGUSTIC CAPABILITIES
content	experience	· English (Read and write fluently), Hindi, Tamil, Kannada.
header	others	INTERESTS & HOBBIES
content	others	Painting, Sketching, Music and Reading
header	experience	STRENGTHS
content	others	· Patient, hardworking & self-motivated
content	others	· Good communication & interpersonal skills
content	others	· Sincere & dedicated
content	others	· Team player
content	others	· Leadership qualities
content	others	· Achievement oriented
content	others	· Eager to learn and pick things up quickly.
header	others	PERSONAL DETAILS
header	others	Date of birth
meta	others	:
content	others	June 28, 1983
content	others	Passport No : J0356001
content	others	Marital status
meta	others	:
content	others	Married
content	others	Nationality
meta	others	:
content	others	Indian
content	others	Page 1 of 2
