header	others	Curriculum-Vitae
header	others	Curriculum-Vitae
meta	others	Manju Prajapati
meta	others	124, Sahjivan Building,
meta	others	N.M. Joshi Marg,
meta	others	Elphinstone Road,
meta	others	Mumbai – 400013
meta	others	(91-022-66548890 /9773670505
meta	others	E-mail: manjup02@gmail.com
header	others	Personal Profile:-
meta	others	Date of Birth: 04-11-1984
meta	others	Marital Status: Unmarried
meta	knowledge	Languages Known: English, Hindi & Marathi
meta	others	Nationality: Indian
header	others	Objective:
content	others	To enrich my knowledge about the best practices adopted in the organization and to perform best at task in hand.
header	education	Educational Qualification:
header	education	Qualification
content	education	Year Passed
content	education	Institution
content	education	University/ Board
content	education	Percentage
content	education	Remarks
content	education	M.Com
content	education	July - 2008
content	education	Mumbai University
content	education	Mumbai
content	education	63.00%
content	education	First Class
content	education	T.Y.B.Com
content	education	April -2006
content	education	K.P.B.Hinduja College
content	education	Mumbai
content	education	62.00%
content	education	First Class
content	education	H.S.C
content	education	Mar - 2003
content	education	K.P.B.Hinduja College
content	education	Mumbai
content	education	69.00%
content	education	First Class
content	education	S.S.C
content	education	Mar – 2001
content	education	Holy Cross High School
content	education	Mumbai
content	education	67.00%
meta	others	First Class
header	experience	Current :-
content	experience	Job Responsibility :-
content	experience	Looking after 12 Quality Analyst (Checking their performance, productivity, attendance, cross check audit to find accuracy.
header	experience	Work Experience:
content	experience	Duration
content	experience	June’11 to Dec’11
content	experience	Name of the Company
content	experience	Digicall Teleservices Pvt Ltd
content	experience	Designation
content	experience	Senior Team Leader (Quality & Training)
content	experience	Responsibility
content	experience	Responsible for Process measurement and betterment activities for the different process (Airtel, Kotak, Bank of Baroda, Tata Docomo, Pepsico)
header	experience	Job Profile
content	experience	Working as Senior Team Leader for Quality and Training
content	experience	Responsible to look after 12 Quality Auditor’s and their performance
content	experience	Conduct Training to fix the knowledge gap for different processes
content	experience	Design Training Need Analysis to help Training Team and Operations to bridge the knowledge gaps.
content	experience	Analyze the process Gap for repeated cases and try to reduce the repeat calls
content	experience	Track monthly performance and quality checks for the process and people empowerment.
content	experience	Responsible to look after customer for improvement of CSAT
content	experience	Conduct briefing and calibration sessions to ensure that operations and training understands the Quality parameters and work accordingly.
content	experience	To measure various facet of performance by different teams and providing the feedback for improvement.
header	experience	Work Experience:
content	experience	Duration
content	experience	May 2009 to May 2011
content	experience	Name of the Company
content	experience	TATA Communications
content	experience	Designation
content	experience	Quality Analyst
content	experience	Responsibility
content	experience	Responsible for Process measurement and betterment activities for the inbound and RFO team
header	experience	Job Profile
content	experience	Analyzing the Process Gap and providing feedback to the respective TSE and Team
content	experience	Conducting Training to fix the knowledge gap for Inbound and E-mail Process.
content	experience	Designing Training Need Analysis to help Training Team and Operations to bridge knowledge gaps.
content	experience	Performing process and people audit for Inbound and E-mail Team.
content	experience	Performed audits for Reason For Outage Team improvement
content	experience	Tracking monthly performance and quality checks for the process and people empowerment.
content	experience	Performing Operational Audits in order to track the authenticity of Delay Reason captured correctly on account of customer for improvement of CSAT
content	experience	Conducting briefing and calibration sessions to ensure Technical Support Executive understands the Quality parameters and work accordingly.
content	experience	Analyzing the process Gap for Inbound team by performing Data Capture audit
content	experience	To measure various facet of performance by Email team and providing the feedback for improvement.
content	experience	Performed the entire task as a Technical Support Executive for Inbound Team from June’07 to Apr’09.
header	others	Achievement’s :
content	others	· Champion of the month Award winner for Jan’10.
content	others	· Champion of the month Award winner for Feb’10.
content	others	· Champion of the month Award winner for June’10.
content	others	· Champion of the month Award winner for July’10
content	others	· Champion of the month Award winner for Aug’10
content	others	· Champion of the month Award winner for Oct’10
content	others	· Champion of the month Award winner for Nov’10
content	others	· Champion of the month Award winner for Dec’10
header	experience	Significant Contribution at Work:
content	experience	· Helped inbound team in reducing fatal call %, it reduced to 50% in Nov’09.
content	experience	· Brought accuracy in data capture from 68% in Nov’09 to 74% in Dec’09.
content	experience	· Brought Overall improvement in Inbound, Email & Inbound Proactive team in the month of Jan’10
content	experience	· Consistent (Champion of the month) award winner for 8 months within 1year for bringing improvement in process for different team’s.
header	experience	Work Experience:
content	experience	Duration
content	experience	June 2007 to May 2009
content	experience	Name of the Company
content	experience	TATA Communications
content	experience	Designation
content	experience	Technical Support Executive
header	experience	Responsibility
content	experience	Help customers to log the grievances/request and speed up the troubleshooting on those grievances/ requests.
header	experience	Job Profile
content	experience	Providing the timely updates in trouble ticket pertaining to early resolution of Customer grievances.
content	experience	Handling International Carrier calls like ATT, MCI, SINGTEL, REACH
content	experience	Making Daily Reports of IPCC and RFO MTD.
content	experience	Handling the team queries in absence of the TL / SME.
content	experience	Escalating the sensitive cases to the respective stake holder as and when required.
header	experience	My Laurels at Work:
content	experience	· PIT STOP Challenge winner for the Mar-Apr’09.
content	experience	· X-TRA MILE award winner for bringing improvement
header	knowledge	Personal Assets:-
content	knowledge	· Self Motivated and focused for results
content	knowledge	· Can work under Enormous Pressure
content	knowledge	· Eager to learn new things and share with others
content	knowledge	· Highly motivated team player
header	others	Hobbies:-
content	others	· Listening to Music
content	others	· Watching Movies
content	others	· Traveling
content	others	Date:
content	others	Place: Mumbai
content	others	(Manju Prajapati)
