header	others	CURRICULUM VITAE
meta	others	Azeem khan.M
meta	others	No 116, Sampige Halli Village Ward No 5 ,
meta	others	Yelahanka hobli Bangalore :560064
meta	others	E-Mail: azeemkhn40@gmail.com Mobile No: +91 9663956046
header	others	Vision
content	others	Believe in individual performance & team work. Contributing to the growth of organization by being part of stimulating work environment which encourages learning and innovations.
header	others	Career Objective
content	others	To utilize my skills and abilities to the full extent in order to achieve desired goals.
content	others	I aspire a position in an organization where my personal skills and abilities will be challenged to achieve results through leadership and team management.
header	education	Education Qualification
header	experience	Experience:
content	experience	· Working with First Advantage as Operational Analyst from May 2015*
header	experience	Roles and responsibilities:
content	experience	· Helping candidates in scheduling Drug screens and fingerprints
content	experience	· Scheduling Physicals and Immunization
content	experience	· Making outbound calls to check if the candidates have completed their schedule drug screen/fingerprints
content	experience	· Working on Collection verification and NMP/LLE reports
content	experience	· Working with the collection sites and local law enforcements to endure smooth process of collection.
content	experience	· Worked with Aegis as S.CSR for Time Magazine from October 2013 to March 2015
content	experience	(One and Half year).
header	experience	Roles and responsibilities:
content	experience	· Functioned as the SPOC SME on floor.
content	experience	· Conduct daily team meetings
content	experience	· Train new team members.
content	experience	· Manage and monitor staff attendance.
content	experience	· Prepare monthly team schedules.
content	experience	· Conduct team activities to increase team moral.
content	experience	· Successfully managed couple of team during OJT.
header	experience	Highlights:
content	experience	· Named as Best Agent for the quarter.
content	experience	· Identified as Quality CSR in the process.
content	experience	· Awarded for excellence CSAT achieved.
content	experience	· Worked with Amvensys Technologies as S.CSR for Energy & TELECOMMUNICATION Team from April 2009 to January 2011 (One year and 9 months).
header	experience	Roles and responsibilities:
content	experience	· Handled calls made by customer in the US regarding electricity services.
content	experience	· Explaining their bills & benefits of different accounts e.g Normal meter & Digital meter.
content	experience	· Facilitating high quality service to ensure optimum customer satisfaction.
header	knowledge	Computer knowledge
content	knowledge	· MS office
content	knowledge	· Basic Excel
content	knowledge	· Mail management tools like MS Outlook
content	knowledge	· Basic Access data base
header	others	Personal Information
meta	others	Date of Birth : 16th November 1991
meta	others	Nationality : Indian
meta	others	Father name : Mahaboob Khan
meta	others	Gender : Male
meta	others	Marital Status : Single
meta	others	Languages Known : English, Hindi, and Kannada
meta	others	Hobbies : Swimming & MMA
header	others	Declaration:
meta	others	The aforementioned information is true and correct to the best of my knowledge.
meta	others	Place: Bangalore
meta	others	(Azeem Khan)
meta	others	QUALIFICATIONINSTITUTION
meta	others	B.com
meta	others	KARNATAKA OPEN UNIVERSITY (Mysore University)
meta	others	Secondary
meta	others	NATIONAL BOARD OF OPEN SCHOOL
meta	others	SSLC
meta	others	BOARD OF SECONDARY SCHOOL EDUCATION KARNATAKA
