meta	others	HRISHIKESH KATVI
meta	others	KARANJEET SINGH
meta	others	Sector 15, Gurgaon, Haryana
meta	others	Contact No.: 9910189387 ~ E-Mail: karanjeet.saini@gmail.com
meta	others	To groom into an Expert Network Professional by exploiting my Skills, Experience and Knowledge gained so
meta	others	far and to contribute to the growth of the Organization associated with.
header	experience	RESUME SNAPSHOT
content	experience	 A result oriented professional with over 8.5 years of experience in networking domain.
content	experience	 Working with British Telecomm, Gurgaon from Dec’16 till date.
content	experience	 Worked with HCL Technologies, Noida since Aug’13 – Dec’16
content	experience	 Worked with Orange Business Services, Gurgaon from Jan ’11 – Nov ’12.
content	experience	 Worked with Bharti Airtel Ltd., Gurgaon from September ’07 - January ‘11.
content	education	 Passed B.Tech in Electronics and Communication from Amritsar Engg. College, affiliated to Punjab Technical
content	education	University in July ’2007.
content	experience	 CCNA and CCNP (cleared 2 exams)
header	experience	PROFICIENCE MATRIX
content	experience	 NOC: Handful 1experience in Global Network operations centre where
content	experience	troubleshooting and monitoring the network equipment’s. Monitoring
content	experience	of backbone networks of Equant.
content	experience	 Routing: Knowledge of Routing protocols like IGRP, EIGRP, OSPF,
content	experience	RIPv1, RIPv2, BGP, Monitoring Equant of Internal Network(EIN
content	experience	Routers), IP Routing, Static Routing, Dynamic Routing, Default Routing,
content	experience	Distance Vectors Routing Protocols,
content	experience	 WAN Protocols like HDLC Protocol, PPP Protocol, Frame Relay.
content	experience	Handful experience on Routing configurations of protocols like OSPF,
content	experience	BGP, RIP, IGRP, EIGRP.
content	experience	 Switching: LAN Switching, Layer 2 Switching, Spanning Tree Protocol,
content	experience	VLAN’S, Dynamic VLAN, Static VLAN, Virtual Trunking Protocol
content	experience	(VTP), VTP Modes of operation, Inter-VLAN Routing.
content	experience	 Troubleshooting: Troubleshooting on Internet leased lines, Point to point links, ATM Links.
content	experience	 Networking Monitoring: Monitoring of Network Equipment’s in Equant Network, Backbone monitoring of
content	experience	Network Equipment.
content	experience	NOC
content	experience	Routing
content	experience	Switching
content	experience	Trouble Shooting
content	experience	Network Monitoring
content	experience	NOC
content	experience	Routing
content	experience	Switching
content	experience	Trouble Shooting
content	experience	Network Monitoring
content	experience	mailto:karanjeet.saini@gmail.com
header	experience	CAREER CONTOUR
content	experience	Dec ’16 to till date with British Telecomm, Gurgaon
header	experience	Highlights:
content	experience	 Worked with Nationwide Building Society in British Telecomm.
content	experience	 Worked on Router 3900, switches 3750, switches 3850 and the configurations of these devices.
content	experience	 Handled the queries of customer and providing the support relating to networks.
content	experience	 Handle the tasks of providing support regarding the LAN and WAN issues related to networks.
content	experience	Aug ’13 to Dec’16 with HCL Technologies, Noida
header	experience	Highlights:
content	experience	 Worked with GAP steady state Project in HCL Technologies.
content	experience	 Handle the tasks of providing Level 2 technical support to resolve day-to-day network related
content	experience	issues.
content	experience	 Handle responsibilities of analyzing monitoring alarms of network equipment and troubleshooting
content	experience	for network related issues.
content	experience	 Worked with Johnson & Johnson Project in HCL Technologies.
content	experience	 Handle the tasks of providing Level 2 technical support to resolve the LAN and WAN issues
content	experience	relating to networks.
content	experience	 Handle responsibilities of router configuration (2600 & 2800) series and switch 3750.
content	experience	Jan ’11 to Nov ’12 with Orange Business Services, Gurgaon as Network Engineer (Global NOC))
header	experience	Highlights:
content	experience	 Backbone monitoring of various Network Equipments at Global Network Operations Centre.
content	experience	 Handling and proactively monitoring alarms of network equipment like Nortel Passport.
content	experience	 Handful experience on Routing configurations of protocols like IGRP, EIGRP, OSPF, RIP, BGP, IP Routing,
content	experience	Static Routing, Dynamic Routing, Default Routing, Distance Vectors Routing Protocols, WAN Protocols like
content	experience	HDLC Protocol, PPP Protocol, Frame Relay.
content	experience	Sep ’07 to Jan ’11 with Bharti Airtel Ltd., Delhi as Network Engineer (Customer Support Group)
header	experience	Highlights:
content	experience	 Handling queries of the enterprise customers regarding their network problems related to Lease Lines,
content	experience	Internet, FR, ATM, MPLS & IPLC circuits for various customers like-:Wipro, Reliance, CISCO, Nokia Siemens
content	experience	Networks, Accenture, AT&T, Verizon, Singapore Telecommunications, Infosys, Ericsson, Fiserv and others to
content	experience	name a few
content	experience	 Visiting the sites for finding out and rectifying the problems in the leased circuit, checking the loops using
content	experience	Bert-Meters, or E1 testers and also to check the Router configuration (configuration of various Routing
content	experience	Protocols like RIP,OSPF, IS-IS, EIGRP& BGP.
content	experience	 Co-ordinate with the different fixed service providers (FSP) like BSNL, BTNL, TTML, and MTNL to resolve
content	experience	any issues at their end.
content	experience	 Co-ordinate with SingTel for IPLC circuit failures over I2I cable & also with AT&T, Sprint and Telstra for the
content	experience	IPLC circuit failures over SEA-ME-WE - 4 undersea cable.
content	experience	 Interfacing with the Network Operating Center (NOC) to resolve the customer issues concerning latency,
content	experience	websites, packet drops, CRC Errors on the link and also to rectify the issues concerning with configuration of
content	experience	Routers and WAN Protocols like HDLC, PPP and Frame Relay.
header	education	CERTIFICATIONS
content	education	CCNA CCNP (Routing & Switching)
header	others	PERSONAL DOSSIER
content	others	Date of Birth: 23rd June, 1985
content	others	Contact Address: H no. 198, sector 15, part I, 2nd Floor, Gurgaon
content	knowledge	Languages Known: Hindi, Punjabi and English
content	others	I hereby declare that all information provided above is true to the best of my knowledge.
content	others	-Karanjeet Singh
