meta	others	http://bit.ly/infoworld
meta	others	WASIM RAJA.M
meta	others	wasimmubarak@gmail.com
meta	others	+91 9597724966
header	others	Career Objective:
content	others	To seek a challenging career in an organization having the environment that encourages continuous learning and provides exposure of new technologies, so as to achieve professional and personal growth.
header	experience	Professional Summary:
content	experience	· A technical professional with 3+ years of total IT experience in Troubleshooting a wide range of technical support issues and connectivity problems such as authentication, connection speed, connection quality, throughput, e-mail configuration, Wireless configuration and loss of synchronization,
content	experience	· Proficient in Antivirus, Network/Internet Security Configuration, Consulting and Troubleshooting of Virus Related Problems using Shareware & Licensed Antivirus Software Packages.
content	experience	· Expertise in Installing and configuring operating system such as Windows 7, Windows 8 and Cent OS and Installation and configuration of mail Servers such as Outlook 2007, Windows live mail and Mac mail.
content	experience	· Self-motivated, energetic and highly ethical in all work related assignments thus able to immediately contribute to corporate goals and objectives.
content	experience	· Good written communication & interpersonal skills, proven team player with good analytical mind bend to problem solving and delivering solutions.
content	experience	· Well Organized, ability to multi-task and prioritize them effectively and Manage escalations.Ability to manage small team of people and motivate them for successful completion of projects.
content	experience	Academic Qualifications:
content	experience	· B.E. in Computer Science & Engineering with 70% from OCET College, Theni in the year 2011.
content	experience	· Diploma in Computer Science Engineering with 72.67% from R.V.S Polytechnic College, Dindigul in the year 2008.
content	experience	· SSLC with 60% from KMS School, Dindigul in the year 2005.
header	experience	Employment History:
content	experience	· Sitel - 3.2 years -Customer Service Professional
content	experience	· Veisa Technologies - 11Months-Linux and MySQL Admin
header	knowledge	Technical Skill Set:
content	knowledge	Operating system :Windows Family, Mac OS and Cent OS
content	knowledge	Languages :C, C++
content	knowledge	Application Software:Visual basic 6.0, MS Office.
content	knowledge	Web Technology :HTML
content	knowledge	Multimedia Packages:Adobe PhotoshopCS2, Movie Maker, Camtasia Studio
header	project	Project details:
content	experience	CSP (Customer Service Professional) - Technical Support
content	experience	SITEL, CHENNAI
content	experience	June 2013 – August 2016
header	experience	Responsibilities:
content	experience	· Troubleshooting a wide range of technical support issues and connectivity problems such as authentication, connection speed, connection quality, throughput, e-mail configuration, Wireless configuration and loss of synchronization.
content	experience	· Performing troubleshooting techniques over the chat to identify and resolve issues.
content	experience	· Troubleshooting of LAN Connectivity issues on site.
content	experience	· Keeping abreast with the multiple sources of information and with the latest changes in product features and technological developments.
content	experience	· Configuration & Installation of Server Client based software’s for different types of clients.
content	experience	· Installation, Configuration, & Troubleshooting of Third Party Mail Servers.
content	experience	· I have provided Remote support & Net meeting support using following software Rescue LogMeIn and Team Viewer, Remote Desktop.
content	experience	· Antivirus, Network/Internet Security Configuration and Consulting.
content	experience	· Troubleshooting of Virus Related Problems using Shareware & Licensed Antivirus Software Packages.
content	experience	· Assisting team members and provide support and solutions to customer queries to meet company objectives.
content	experience	· Continuous learning of company offered products and services to better serve customer support and service solutions.
content	experience	· Contributed to technical documentation, and produced technical memos for released products.
content	experience	Technical Support
content	experience	Veisa Technologies, TRICHY
content	experience	April 2012 – March 2013
header	experience	Responsibilities:
content	experience	· Installing and configuring operating system such as Windows 7, Windows 8 and Cent OS.
content	experience	· Installation and configuration of mail Servers such as Outlook 2007, Windows live mail and Mac mail.
content	experience	· Troubleshooting and configuring popular e-mail clients and web browsers.
content	experience	· Converting tiff images to jpeg image file using converting software.
content	experience	· Importing and exporting data on NIC server.
content	experience	· Acted as team facilitator, to coordinate meetings with project team members. Provide technical project reports and briefings to key administrative personnel.
header	others	Personal Details:
meta	others	Name :M. Wasim Raja
meta	others	Father’s Name :A. Mubarak Ali
meta	others	Date of Birth :02.12.1989
meta	others	Gender :Male
meta	others	Marital Status :Married
header	knowledge	Languages
meta	knowledge	Known :English& Tamil (Speak, Read & Write)
meta	others	Hobbies : Playing Cricket, Chess and Surfing on Net
meta	others	Present Address :No:15/96, Poochinayakenpatti,
meta	others	Middle Street, Begumbur(PO), Dindigul-624002, Tamil nadu.
meta	others	Declaration:
meta	others	I hereby declare that the above mentioned information is true to the best of my knowledge and belief andI bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above mentioned particulars.
meta	others	Place: Dindigul.
meta	others	Date: (WASIM RAJA.M)
