header	others	RESUME
meta	others	PREMA N KATTIKAR
meta	others	Mobile No: 7411330146
meta	others	Email: prema.kattikar@gmail.com
meta	others	Career Objective:
meta	others	Intend to build a career with leading corporate of high tech environment with committed & dedicated people, which will help me to explore myself fully and realize my potential.
header	education	Education Qualification:
meta	education	Course
content	education	School/College
content	education	Year of passing
content	education	University/Board
content	education	Percentage
content	education	MBA
content	education	Dr.D Veerendra Heggade Institute of Management Studies and Research. Dharwad
content	education	2018
content	education	Karnataka University Dharwad.
content	education	66%
content	education	B.COM
content	education	Basaveshwar Commerce College Bagalkot
content	education	2016
content	education	Rani Chenamma University Belgaum
content	education	79%
content	education	PUC
content	education	Ramlingeshwar commerce and Arts College kalloli
content	education	2013
content	education	Pre-University Education board Karnataka.
content	education	77%
content	education	SSLC
content	education	Ramlingeshwar High School Kalloli
content	education	2011
content	education	Karnataka Secondary Education Examination Board.
content	education	72%
header	project	Project Details:
content	experience	SIP: Summer In Plant Project
content	experience	Company: Roquette Riddhi Siddhi Pvt Ltd. Gokak.
content	experience	Title: “A study on financial stability and growth”
content	experience	Duration: 2 months
content	experience	Description: A study on financial stability and growth it is based on financial statements. And the calculations made on Ratio Analysis, stock and debtors turnover ratio, net sales and comparison of five years of data’s. It provides information to management most clear and precise manner about financial performance studying the interrelationship between various aspects Of
content	experience	balance sheet ratios. This will help to know the efficiency and financial soundness of the company.
content	experience	MCP: Major Concurrent Project
content	experience	Company: Sharekhan Company Limited, Bangalore.
content	experience	Title: “A study on Analysis of Hedge Ratio of CNX Nifty Future with Stock”
content	experience	Duration: 2 Months
content	experience	Description: A study on Analysis of hedge ratio of CNX Nifty future with stock it is based on stock market. And the calculation is made on the Individual stock and Index of selected company. It provides technical information in systematic manner which indicates and listed on stock market. This will help to know about company’s financial performance and soundness of the market.
header	knowledge	Technical Skills:
content	knowledge	· MS-Office, MS Excel
content	knowledge	· Done with tally ERP 9
content	knowledge	· Attended the sales darphan which was all about customer interaction
content	knowledge	· Participated in Karvy seal workshop.
header	knowledge	Strengths:
content	knowledge	· Learning new things
content	knowledge	· Self-confident
content	knowledge	· Good communication skill.
header	others	Hobbies / Interest:
meta	others	· Cooking
meta	others	· Watching TV, Listening songs
meta	others	· Interest in learning new languages.
header	others	Personal Information:
meta	others	Date of Birth: 14-03-1996
meta	knowledge	Languages known: English, Kannada, Hindi.
meta	others	Postal Address: A/p Rajapur, Tq.Gokak, Dist. Belgaum. Pin: 591224
meta	others	Declaration: The above given information is true to the best of my knowledge and benefits.
header	others	Date:
meta	others	Place: PREMA N KATTIKAR
