header	others	Resume
meta	others	Curriculum Vitae
meta	others	NAME: Dishi Gupta
meta	others	Mobile: +91 7007872984
meta	others	E-Mail: dishi.gupta29197@gmail.com
header	others	OBJECTIVE
content	others	I intend to build a career with leading corporate of hi-tech environment with committed & dedicated people,
content	others	which will help me to explore myself fully and realize my potential. I am willing to work as a key player in
content	others	challenging & creative environment.
header	experience	EXPERIENCE
content	experience	Organization -: Wipro Limited
content	experience	Designation -: Major Incident manager
content	experience	Experience -: 1 Year.
header	experience	JOB EXPERIENCEOBPROFILE
content	experience	Role & Responsibilities
content	experience	 Resolve incidents within the specified service Level Agreement/ Operational Level Agreement
content	experience	 Monitor the incident to ensure that the Service Level Agreement is respected.
content	experience	 The Incident manager role is to restore normal service operation as soon as possible by minimizing
content	experience	the financial impact on business. Ensure service quality and availability are maintains.
content	experience	 Determines if an incident needs to be escalated according to priority and severity of the issue.
content	experience	 Providing real time notifications of major incident remediation to the clients.
content	experience	 Ensure the closure of all resolved and end-user confirmed incident records.
header	education	ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION
content	education	 I completed my Bachelor of Computer Application with 67% from Dr.VirendraSwarup Institute of
content	education	Computer Studies Kanpur, passed out in year 2017
content	education	 I completed my Higher Secondary Examination with 71% from CBSE in 2014.
content	education	 I completed my Secondary Examination with 79% from CBSE in 2012.
header	knowledge	COMPUTER SKILL SET
content	knowledge	1. Platforms/Operating Systems: Windows 7.
content	knowledge	2. MS office tools like word, Excel, Power point.
content	knowledge	3. Languages : C++, Java.
header	others	ACHIVEMENTS
content	others	 Awarded with certificate of participation in ethical hacking.
content	others	 Awarded with certificate of participation in project developing in java.
header	others	STRENGTH & HOBBIES
content	knowledge	 Strength – Adaptable and Ambitious, willingness to learn new things, potential worker
content	others	 Hobbies – Dancing, Traveling.
header	others	OTHER DETAILS
meta	others	Name: Dishi Gupta
meta	others	Date of Birth: 29 Jan 1997
meta	others	Sex: Female
meta	others	Marital status: Unmarried
meta	knowledge	Language known: English, Hindi
meta	others	Permanent address: Kanpur (U.P)
header	others	DECLARATION
meta	others	I hereby declare that all the information given above about myself is completely true & authentic as far as my
meta	others	knowledge is concerned.
meta	others	Dishi Gupta
