meta	others	Y. Anusha
meta	others	Mobile: +91 9347656071
meta	others	E-Mail: anushayakkala94@gmail.com
meta	others	Objective: To learn technical knowledge on latest technologies and contribute towards the growth of the organization.
header	experience	Professional Summary:
content	experience	· Having 2.6 Years of experience in Designing, Developing and Maintaining of Web based applications using Microsoft Technologies.
content	experience	· Understanding of OOP (Object Oriented Programming), ASP.NET, C#, SQL SERVER 2005 & 2008.
content	experience	· Having working experience in JavaScript.
header	education	Education
content	education	· B.Tech from ASN Woman’s Engineering College, at TENALI with an aggregate of 74.6% affiliated to JNTU(k).
header	experience	EXPERIENCE SUMMARY
content	experience	· Working as a Software Engineer in Trusted Software Labs Private Limited, Hyderabad from May 2015 to till date.
header	knowledge	Technical Summary
content	knowledge	· Operating Systems : Windows XP, Windows7/8.
content	knowledge	· Programming Language : C#.NET
content	knowledge	· Microsoft Technology : ASP.NET, ADO.NET.
content	knowledge	· Databases : SQL Server 2005 & 2008.
content	knowledge	· Tools : Visual Studio.NET 2015
header	experience	Personal Strengths.
content	knowledge	· Strong Interpersonal and Communication skills
content	knowledge	· Good Leadership qualities, Hardworking and objective oriented.
header	project	Experience Project Details
header	project	Project#1
header	project	Title : E-Learning
content	experience	Role : Developer
content	experience	Environment : C#.NET, ASP.NET, CSS, Html5, and SQL Server 2008.
content	experience	Description:
content	experience	The main theme of this project is to provide online Schooling. In-Order to enter in to the site Every Person should register. E-Learning will provide the services like Content reading With E-Book, Fee Payment with discounts for more registrations. The main advantage is anyone can register for the certification. We are providing extra activities like Articles and Presentation and we also provide video for online classes.
header	experience	Responsibilities
content	experience	· Responsibility for Designing and Coding
content	experience	· Planned development efforts to meet project deadlines.
header	project	Project#2
header	project	Title : Hotel Reservations
content	experience	Role : Developer
content	experience	Development Environment: C#NET, ASP.NET, ADO.NET, CSS, Html, SQL Server 2008.
header	experience	Description:
content	experience	Hotel Management project was developed for the purpose of maintaining all details of the hotel at online website. Maintaining all the information in different kind of ledger books. Therefore the computerized system is needed to manage hotel effectively. The application covered both hotel and lodging activities a quick manner. Through this application operators could manage customer registration, accommodation booking, vacation entry, room’s availability, billing for the services and reports. Thus the entire website dynamically works with easy management of hotel and lodging activities. The room availability monitoring system will make the booking very easy
header	experience	Responsibilities:
header	experience	· I am involved in Coding, designing Pages and developing reports.
content	experience	· I prepared tables and stored procedures.
header	others	Key Achievements:
content	others	· I achieved working experience on ASP.NET and Way of Coding and Designing Pages.
content	others	Place: Hyderabad. Y. ANUSHA.
